## Topic: Do you still keep in touch with your ex-coworker after leaving the job?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Show someone the ropes (idiom): chỉ ai đó làm việc
  + to show someone how to do a job or activity
  + Ex: Lynn spent an afternoon showing the new girl the ropes

- Get on the right side of someone (idiom): làm ai đó hài lòng
  + to make someone pleased with you
  + Ex: Clare was always getting on the right side of her mother

- Build up a close relationship (verb phrase): xây dựng mối quan hệ thân thiết
  + to have a good relationship
  + Ex: I try to build up a close relationships with my classmates

- Have a chit-chat (verb phrase): tán gẫu
  + to have an informal conversation about matters that are not important
  + Ex: We just have a chit-chat about this and that

- Colleague (noun): đồng nghiệp
  + one of a group of people who work together
  + Ex: Her work is highly esteemed by all her colleagues

- Gossip (verb): tán gẫu
  + to talk about other people's private lives
  + Ex: Stop gossiping and do your work

- Mentor (noun): người cố vấn
  + a person who gives a younger or less experienced person help and advice over a period of time, especially at work or school
  + Ex: She was a friend and mentor to many young actors

- Contact (noun): sự liên lạc
  + communication with someone especially by speaking or writing to them regularly
  + Ex: I'm still in contact with her

- Efficiency (noun): năng suất, sự hiệu quả
  + the good use of time and energy in a way that does not waste any
  + Ex: I was impressed by the efficiency with which she handled the crisis

### 2. Outline
- Do you still keep in touch with your ex-coworker after leaving the job?
  + Yes. We keep in touch on social media texts and phone calls. Sometimes we try to meet up when things aren't too busy
  + No. I don't like to get personally involved with colleagues, so I never build up a close relationship with them to remain friends after the job ends

- What topics do you and your ex-coworker often talk about ?
  + We often have a chit-chat about families, vacations or hobbies that we share in common
  + We gossip about drama of the company. To me, stories about my previous workspace are really interesting and funny

- What are some ways to keep in touch with ex-coworkers?
  + We can keep in touch with ex-coworkers by inviting them out for lunch or coffee every weekend
  + We can ask them to join outside activities with you, for example a gym fitness center or a local yoga club

- What are some benefits of keeping in touch with ex-coworkers?
  + Even though you no longer work with your ex-coworkers, they could still show you the ropes and serve as your great mentor. Therefore, you should try to get on the right side of them
  + Establishing and maintaining more contacts with people in the same field as you many give you more opportunities to get a good position

- Why don't some people want to make friends with their co-workers outside the workplace?
  + Because some of them think that they don't go to the workplace to make friends, but they go there to make money to support their family
  + Friends in the workplace can contribute distractions that may impact you and your colleagues's efficiency to produce high-quality work.