## Topic: Not being a manager before 30 is a failure?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Climb up the career ladder (idiom): thăng tiến trong sự nghiệp
  + become more and more successful or important in your career
  + Ex: We should all try to climb up the career ladder

- Be on the same page with someone (idiom): đồng quan điểm với ai
  + to have the same opinion as someone
  + Ex: When it comes to food, I am not on the same page with my parents

- Put pressure on someone (verb phrase): đặt áp lực trên vai ai đó
  + to try to cause that person to do something by persuading or threatening them
  + Ex: Parents shouldn't put too much pressure on their kids

- Jump to a conclusion (verb phrase): đưa ra kết luận
  + to make a hasty judgment before learning or considering all the facts
  + Ex: Is it too fast to jump to a conclusion right now?

- Leadership (noun): khả năng làm lãnh đạo
  + the set of characteristics that make a good leader
  + Ex: What the company lacks is leadership

- Innate (adj): thiên bẩm
  + An innate quality or ability is one that you were born with, not one you have learned
  + Ex: Cyril's most impressive quality was his innate goodness

- Mindset (noun): tư duy
  + a person's way of thinking and their opinions
  + Ex: It's extraordinary how hard it is to change the mindset of the public and the press

- Maturity (noun): sự trưởng thành
  + the quality of behaving mentally and emotionally like an adult
  + Ex: It takes maturity to be a leader

- Expectation (noun): kỳ vọng
  + the feeling that good things are going to happen in the future
  + Ex: I have high expectations for this job

### 2. Outline
- What do you want to achieve before 30?
  + Before 30, I want to have at least $10,000 in my bank account
  + There are many things I wanna achieve by the age of 30, like buying a car or getting married

- Do you think everyone is suitable to become a manager?
  + I think leadership material is an innate trait. But what matters is that we don't know how to use it properly
  + I don't think anyone can be a manager as I think leadership is born, node made

- Not being a manager before 30 is a failure - What do you think?
  + This kind of mindset has put a lot of pressure on everyone. I am not on the same page with those who think that
  + Well, it might be true because by the age of 30, which is the time of maturity, you need to become "someone", right?

- Why has becoming a manager been a burden to a lot of people?
  + I think because anyone wants to climb up the career ladder. So this mindset, I think, is a motivation rather than a burden
  + I think this burden mostly comes from expectations of themselves and surrounding people

- Do you think you can be a manager?
  + I do think I have what it takes to become a good manager because my conceptual skill isn't too bad
  + I still have a lot to learn, so I can't jump to any conclusion right now.