## Topic: How does consumerism affect the enviroment and nature?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Jump on the bandwagon (idiom): dùng để nói về hành động chạy theo một trào lưu đang được ưu chuộng hoặc thịnh hành
  + to join others in doing something that is becoming fashionable because you hope to become popular or successful yourself
  + Ex: Politicians are eager to jump on the enviromental bandwagon

- Indulge oneself in shopping (phrase): đắm chìm vào việc mua sắm
  + to focus too much on shopping
  + Ex: Whenever she comes to a commercial mall, she always indulges herself in the shopping

- Recharge exhaust fumes to the environment (phrase): thải khí thải vào môi trường
  + to release harmful gasses to the surroundings
  + Ex: Fuel-filled vehicles recharge exhaust fumes to the environment

- Necessity (noun): đồ cần thiết
  + a thing that you must have and cannot manage without
  + Ex: Many people cannot even afford necessities such as food and clothing

- Commercial (noun): quảng cáo
  + an advertisement on television, on the radio, or on a website
  + Ex: The marketing campaign is starting with four online commercials

- Store up (verb phrase): dự trữ
  + to keep a lot of something in one place, to be used in the future
  + Ex: We believe that he has been training an army and storing up arms

- Transform (verb): biến đổi
  + to change the form of something, to change in form
  + Ex: The photochemical reactions transform the light into electrical impulses

- Environmentalist (noun): nhà hoạt động vì môi trường
  + a person who is interested in the natural environment and wants to improve and protect it
  + Ex: The expansion plans will face fierce resistance from environmentalists

- Awaken to (phrasal verb):  thức tỉnh
  + to become aware or to make somebody aware of something and its possible effects or results
  + Ex: I gradually awakened to the realization that our marriage was over

### 2. Outline
- Are you a shopaholic?
  + Yes! I usually indulge myself in shopping, especially when I fancy luxurious items
  + No! I just purchase clothes and accessories if necessary. I never keep up with trendy clothes

- Which aspects do people consume more than necessary?
  + Fashion is a massive and profitable industry, but its waste is unimaginable
  + Food and water! People are wasting those necessities every day

- Why do many people consume too much?
  + Commercials and promotions make people consume more than necessary. Besides that, many young people or fashionistas are keen on jumping on the bandwagon
  + Housewives prefer storing up food and kitchen utensils for emergency cases

- How does consumerism affect the environment and nature?
  + Excessive consumerism promotes many manufacturing processes which use fossil fuels and then recharge exhaust fumes to the environment
  + Exessive consumerism transform the Earth into a massive garbage dump!. This lead to the disappearance of many flora and fauna

- What are the solutions?
  + The government must limit the number of fashion items that citizens can buy
  + Environmentalists should awaken citizens to the devastating consequences of excessive consumerism