## Topic: Money Talk! What is the best thing to invest your money in?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Build wealth (verb phrase): xây dựng sự giàu có, tích lũy của cải
  + become rich by accumulating money and valuable posessions
  + Ex: Not only is it the easiest way to build wealth, but if you start early, it almost always guarantees a lot of money 

- Invest one's money in something (verb phrase): đầu tư tiền của ai đó vào thứ gì đó
  + to put money into something to make a profit
  + Ex: I want to invest my money in cyptocurrency

- Be laughing all the way to the bank (idiom): kiếm được rất nhiều tiền của một cách dễ dàng
  + to be earning a lot of money easily
  + Ex: We'll be laughing all the way to the bank if this deal works out

- Investment portfolio (noun): danh mục chứng khoán đầu tư
  + a collection of different types of investments owned by a particular person or company
  + Ex: We can help you build a balanced investment portfolio

- Dividend (noun): cổ tức
  + the profit of a company that is paid to the people who own shares in it
  + Ex: Dividend will be sent to shareholders

- Real estate (noun): bất động sản
  + property in the form of land or buildings
  + Ex: We're going to buy a piece of real estate

- Asset (noun): tài sản
  + something that is owned by a person, company, or organization, such as money, property, or land
  + Ex: The company reported total assets worth $1.9 million

- Securities market (noun): thị trường chứng khoán
  + a financial market where bonds, shares, etc. Are made available and traded
  + Ex: Hong Kong's securities market has become increasingly internationalized

- Risky (adj): rủi ro cao
  + involving the possibility of something bad happening
  + Ex: Young people are fond of making risky investments

### 2. Outline
- Are you interested in investments?
  + Yes, I think investment is a good way to build wealth other than earning income from work or business
  + No, I'm not very good at making investments and I think it's too risky

- Do you think it's important to have an investment plan?
  + Yes, having plans for investment can help you to optimize your investment portfolio to earn money that suits your needs
  + No, as securities markets change constantly, it's better to adapt and seize opportunities rather than following a plan

- What is the best thing to invest your money in?
  + I think the best thing to invest your money in is stocks, especially stocks from the S&P 500 firms
  + I think the best thing to invest in nowadays is real estate, such as lands, houses, and apartments

- Why do you think that is the best thing to invest your money in?
  + I was laughing all the way to the bank last year when my purchased stocks doubled in value and I also received dividends
  + Real estate is a very valuable asset that you can own to earn money in the long term.

- What are some possible risks or drawbacks of that investment?
  + You'll need to accumulate a lot of money and take loans to be able to afford real estate, which is quite challengeing
  + The stock market is extremely volatile. If you're not an experienced investor, you might end up making a loss.