## Topic: DeepDown! We can live healthily with HIV

### 1. Vocabulary
- No big deal (idiom): không quá nghiêm trọng
  + not too serious
  + Ex: It's no big deal when you tell that lie! Don't worry

- Reduce the risk of something (verb phrase): giảm thiểu nguy cơ, rủi ro của việc gì
  + to lessen the potential damage that could be caused by a hazard or danger
  + Ex: Using PrEP and Condoms can reduce the risk of getting HIV

- Down in the dumps (idiom): buồn bã, suy sụp
  + extremely sad and depressed
  + Ex: I was down in the dumps when my dog was gone forever!

- No glove no love (phrase): không bao không quan hệ
  + no rubber (condom) then no intercourse (sex)
  + Ex: Hey young people! Remember this: no glove no love

- Immune system (noun phrase): hệ miễn dịch
  + the cells and tissues in the body that make it able to protect itself against infection
  + Ex: During Covid days, we should have more vitamin C to strengthen our immune system

- Treatment (noun): chữa trị, điều trị
  + the use of drugs, exercises, etc. to cure a person of an illness or injury
  + Ex: With proper treatment, we can transmit HIV sexually

- Viral load (noun phrase): tải lượng vi rút
  + a measurement of the amount of a virus that is present in a person, an organism or a particular environment
  + Ex: A person with a low viral load is much less likely to pass the virus on

- Medical advance (noun phrase): sự tiến bộ, phát triển trong y tế
  + the generation of information or a discovery of knowledge that improves our understanding in medical science
  + Ex: Thanks to the medical advance, lots of diseases can be cured

- Contract (verb): mắc, nhiễm (bệnh)
  + to catch or become ill with a disease
  + Ex: He contracted coronavirus while he was traveling

### 2. Outline
- What do you know about HIV?
  + There is a lot of information about HIV on the internet right now, so we all can know more about this virus by just a click! As far as I know, there hasn't been any way to totally kill this virus
  + Well! To me, it is a nightmare. But as far as I know, HIV itself can't kill us! HIV only gives opportunities for other diseases to "invade" our bodies!

- What do people contracting HIV have to suffer from?
  + Of course, without any treatment, their physical health will be weaker, especially their immune system
  + I think the modern treatment will take care of their physical health. But the biggest thing they have to suffer from is the discrimination from others, especially those who don't have enough knowledge about this virus

- We can live healthily with HIV - myth or truth
  + That's totally true! If HIV-positive people keep their vidal load at a low level by taking pills everyday, they can absolutely live like a normal person! Of course, remember to exercise and have a healthy diet to be better
  + Thanks to medical advances, HIV nowadays is no big deal! With proper treatment, we can live, work and have sex like everyone

- If you, unfortunately, contracted HIV, how would you feel?
  + Of course if I would be down in the dumps when I first receive the news. But thankfully, I am an optimistic person, this virus can be a motivation for me to do everything I want before it's too late
  + If I say I wouldn't be shocked and depressed, it is a lie. But crying and complaining is no use! Stand up and get treatment to live better!

- How can we protect ourselves from getting HIV?
  + Sexually, using comdoms in still effective. Remember everyone: no glove no love!
  + Nowadays, there is a medicine called PrEP, which can help us reduce the risk of getting HIV! And for those who unfortunately have the virus, don't be worried! Get treated and remember: U - Undetectable equals U - Untransmittable 