## Topic: What are some polite ways to refuse an invitation?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Refuse an invitation (verb phrase): từ chối lời mời của ai 
  + to politely say that you will not accept a person's invitation
  + Ex: I couldn't believe that he refused my invitation

- Make an excuse (verb phrase): viện cớ
  + to give a reason for doing something you shouldn't do, or for not doing something you should do
  + Ex: He got to work late and made some excuse about being stuck in traffic

- Turn down something (phrasal verb): từ chối
  + to refuse to accept or argree to something, or to refuse someone's request
  + Ex: They turned down my offer of help

- Offer an apology (verb phrase): gửi lời xin lỗi
  + to tell someone that you are sorry for having done something that has caused problems or unhappiness for them
  + Ex: He offers a heartfelt apology to the victim's family

- Give one's word (idiom): hứa
  + to promise
  + Ex: I'll be there. I give you my word

- Insist on (phrasal verb): khăng khăng
  + to keep doing something, even if it annoys other people, or people think it is not good for you
  + Ex: I don't know why you insist on talking about it

- Disappointed (adj): thất vọng
  + unhappy because someone or something was not as good as you hoped or expected, or because something did not happen
  + Ex: We were deeply disappointed at/about the result

- Directly (adv): một cách trực tiếp
  + honestly, even when it might make people feel uncomfortable
  + Ex: Let me answer that question directly

- Nowadays (adjverb): ngày nay
  + at present, in comparison to the past
  + Ex: Who remembers those movies nowadays?

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever refused an invitation?
  + Yes, I have. It's not because I don't want to go, it's because I'm always busy as a bee!
  + No, I have never refused an invitation. I don't want to hurt that person's feelings

- How did you refuse it?
  + I made an excuse, saying that I already had a plan that day
  + I don't want to make her sad so I told her that I wasn't feeling well

- Why did you refuse it?
  + I just don't feel like going to that party. I barely know anyone
  + I actually had a project to work on that day so I politely turned down the invitation

- What are some polite ways to refuse an invitation?
  + If you don't want to go, don't say that directly. Try to come up with an excuse
  + I think you should tell the truth why you dont' want to come and don't forget to apologize

- Should we make an excuse if we don't want to go?
  + No, I don't think it's a good idea. It's better to tell them the truth than lie
  + Yes, you should especially when they insist on inviting you

- How would you feel if someone refuses your invitation
  + To be honest, I would not be angry at all. We are all busy nowadays
  + I would feel a little bit disappointed if someone that I'm close with can't come to my party

- What should we do when someone refuses our invitation?
  + We should offer an apology. If possible give him or her your word that you will meet them soon
  + I have no idea. In fact, I don't think we should do anything. Just promise them that you would come next time