## Topic: Do you plan to retire after 30?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Retirement (noun): nghỉ hưu
  + the act of leaving your job and stopping working, usually because you are old
  + Ex: Many teachers over the age of 50 are taking early retirement

- Workaholic (noun): một người tham công tiếc việc
  + a person who works a lot of time and finds it difficult not to work
  + Ex: A self-confessed workaholic, Tony Richardson can't remember when he last had a holiday

- Secure (adj): đảm bảo
  + likely to continue and not fail or be lost
  + Ex: Her promotion has made her position in the company more secure

- Purpose (noun): mục đích
  + why you do something or why something exists
  + The purpose of the research is to try to find out more about the causes of the disease

- Pursue (verb): theo đuổi
  + if you pursue a plan, activity, or situation, you try do to it or achieve it, usually over a long period of time
  + Ex: he decided to pursue a career in television

- Well-being (noun): phúc lợi
  + the state of feeling healthy and happy
  + Ex: People doing yoga benefit from an increased feeling of well-being

- Start a career (verb phrase): bắt đầu sự nghiệp
  + to do a job or series of jobs during your working life, especially if you continue to get better jobs and earn more money
  + Ex: What can he do now to start his career?

- Cause financial stress (verb phrase): gây nên căng thẳng tài chính
  + to create great worry relating to money or how money is managed
  + Ex: All these talks are causing him great financial stress

- Take the plunge (idiom): quyết định điều gì sau khi dành nhiều thời gian suy nghĩ
  + to make a decision to do something, especially after thinking about it for a long time
  + Ex: They're finally taking the plunge and getting married

### 2. Outline
- Do you plan to retire after 30?
  + Yes, I do. Most people think it's too early, but they have no idea that I have worked since I was 16
  + Since I'm a workaholic, I don't see myself retiring at 30. It's way too soon

- How do your family and friends feel about your decision?
  + Sadly, they disapprove of my decision, especially my mom. She fears that I won't be financially secure when I get older
  + They advised me to take the plunge only after I have spent time thinking about it carefully

- Why do some people think 30 is such an early age to retire?
  + The answer is simple: very few people retire before 30, and they only do that if they have poor healthy conditions
  + Each person has different life purposes, so I'm not sure. It's a matter of choice

- What are the benefits of retiring early?
  + Retiring early is a great opportunity to start a new career of pursue something that you have always wanted to do
  + Many people claim that early retirement is beneficial for our well-being, but I don't know if it's true

- What are the drawbacks of retiring early?
  + If you ever think of retiring early, you have to make sure that you have enough money to get by
  + Taking early retirement is not good for mental health since it causes financial stress