## Topic: What do you think when married couples don't want to have kids?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Provide a good growing environment: (verb phrase): cung cấp môi trường trưởng thành tốt
  + to give a good condition for development
  + Ex: My parents work so hard to provide me with a good growing environment

- Strengthen a marital relationship (verb phrase): gắn chắt mối quan hệ hôn nhân
  + to make the relationship between wife and husband stronger
  + Ex: A kid will strengthen a marital relationship

- Procreation (noun): sự duy trì nòi giống
  + a process of having babies
  + Ex: Some people believe that sex should only be for the purpose of procreation

- Emotional bond (noun phrase): sự liên kết về cảm xúc
  + an connection that relates with feeling
  + Ex: Mothers and their kids have an invisible emotional bond

- Financial background (noun phrase): nền tảng tài chính
  + a amount of money you have for a long-term purpose
  + Ex: We need to have a good financial background before getting married

- Firm (adj): vững chắc, ổn định
  + stable
  + Ex: The government remains firm in its opposition to tax reform

- Motive (noun): động cơ, lý do
  + a reason to do something
  + Ex: I have a clear motive to marry you

- The black sheep of the family (idiom): thành viên cá biệt trong gia đình
  + someone who is thought to be a bad person by the rest of the family
  + Ex: I've always been the black sheep of the family

- Make sense (idiom): có ý nghĩa
  + to have a certain meaning
  + Ex: Your apology doesn't make any sense to me

### 2. Outline
- What is your definition of a happy family?
  + To me, a happy family is a place with joy, where no one is the black sheep of the family
  + My own definition of a happy family is a small house with parents, children and a pet

- Do you think the purpose of marriage is procreation?
  + I think procreation is one of the many purposes when two people get married. But it's the most important one
  + I don't think so. It's because the first motive of getting married is love between two people

- What do you think when married couples don't want to have kids?
  + If we don't have kids, will a marriage make any sense?
  + It's totally normal. If you can't provide their children with a good growing environment, that's a smart decision

- How important is a child to a married couple?
  + A child is an emotional bond, which can strengthen the marital relationship
  + A child can be a solution to all the problems that happen during the marriage

- What should couples prepare for having a kid?
  + They should prepare a firm financial background to give a child good growing conditions
  + Couples should spend time learning some skills when taking care of child