## Topic: Is it better to end an argument by admitting that you are wrong?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Pour oil on troubled water (idiom): Đổ dầu vào vùng nước đục
  + to do or say something in order to make people stop arguing and become calmer
  + Ex: My husband's always arguing with my father, and I'm the one who has to pour oil on troubled water

- Drop a joke (verb phrase): 
  + to tell a joke
  + Ex: Thomas is sure that he can make Hiro smile by dropping that joke

- Admit (verb):
  + to agree that something is true, especially unwillingly
  + Ex: She admitted to making a mistake

- Beat around the bush (idiom)
  + to avoid talking about what is important
  + Ex: Don't beat around the bush, get to the point

- Tame someone's pride (verb phrase):
  + to control the belief that you are better or more important than other people
  + Ex: Tame your pride before you come and talk to your predecessor

- Altercation (noun): 
  + a loud argument or disagreement
  + Ex: Phil got into an altercation with his partner

- Argue the toss (phrase):
  + to disagree with a decision or statement
  + It doesn't matter what you say, he'll always argue the toss!

- Opponent (noun):
  + a person who disagrees with something and speaks against it or tries to change it
  + Ex: Leading opponents of the proposed cuts in defense spending will meet later today

- Argument (noun):
  + a strong and sometimes angry disagreement in talking or discussing something
  + Ex: I had an argument with my boss

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever been involved in an argument?
  + Yes, quite often. There was one time when I had strong opinions against my group member's ideas and an altercation started
  + No, I have not. I am really not the type of person who always argues the toss because I respect others opinions and suggestions

- Who was wrong and who was right?
  + It's safe to say I was not wrong for starting that argument with my friends. I was so offended by their criticism that I raised my voice
  + I have no idea. For me, there's no right or wrong in an argument because everyone has their own points

- Is it better to end an argument by admitting that you are wrong?
  + No, it is nonsense to end an argument by saying you are wrong. It is not useful to bow down to your opponent because it only makes him or her more complacent
  + Yes, admitting you are wrong is like pouring oil on troubled water. It will immediately make your opponent because calmer and stop arguing

- What ways can you use to gracefully admit you're wrong in an argument?
  + The most important part when making a humble apology is taming your pride. You can start by breathing, acknowledging your mistake, and empathizing with the person you've wronged
  + There's nothing more powerful than a simple and straightfoward apology. Don't beat around the bush because sometimes, saying less can help you recognize more

- What is the best way to end an argument?
  + If you want to end the conversation on a positive side, it's best to listen to every world they say and let them finish the last word
  + You can defuse the argument by dropping a joke into the conversation. Making a joke will make you and the person you are arguing with at ease