## Topic: What are some good tips to remain calm during an emergency?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Take a deep breath (verb phrase): hít thở sâu (để giữ bình tĩnh)
  + to breathe deeply
  + Ex: He told me to take a deep breath, and things will be fine

- Keep a cool head (idiom): bình tĩnh
  + to stay calm in a difficult situation
  + Ex: I don't know how you manage to keep such a cool head in such a hectic, stressful office!

- Emergency (noun): trường hợp khẩn cấp
  + something dangerous or serious, such as an accident, that happens suddenly or unexpectedly and needs fast action in order to avoid harmful results
  + Ex: How would disabled people escape in an emergency?

- Panic (verb): hoảng loạn
  + to suddenly feel so worried or frightened that you cannot think or behave calmly or reasonably
  + Ex: Don't panic! Everything will be okay

- Positive (adj): tích cực
  + full of hope and confidence, or giving cause for hope and confidence
  + Ex: On a more positive note, we're seeing signs that the housing market is picking up
  
- Effective (adj): hiệu quả
  + successful or achieving the results that you want
  + Ex: The lighting for the production made very effective use of shadow

- Pessimistic (adj): bi quan
  + thinking that bad things are more likely to happen or emphasizing the bad part of a situation
  + Ex: The tone of the meeting was very pessimistic

- Strategy (noun): cách thức
  + a way of doing something or dealing with something
  + Ex: Follow this strategy for avoiding minor mistakes

- Remove one's fear (verb phrase): xóa tan nỗi sợ
  + to make an unpleasant emotion or thought that you have when you are frightened or worried by something dangerous, painful, or bad that is happening or might happen disappear
  + Ex: Do you think this teddy bear will help remove Nina's fear of ghosts?

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever panicked during an emergency?
  + Yes, I have - to be clear, I always do! Some people say that I'd better learn how to stay calm
  + No, I haven't. During an emergency, I always try my best to keep a cool head

- How did you manage to stay calm?
  + A stranger told me to take a deep breath, which I find really helpful. After a while, I no longer feel stressed
  + I just sat there and told myself that things would be fine. I'm so glad that it did

- What are some good tips to remain calm during an emergency?
  + If you feel panicky, try to focus on something positive. It can be something you like, for example
  + Communication is the key that helps you remove your fears and worries during an emergency

- Why do some people find it difficult to remain calm during an emergency?
  + I think it's because they are too pessimistic. They only think of the bad things that may happen
  + I don't know. Each person has a different strategy to remain calm and some are more effective than others

- Overall, is it important to remain calm during an emergency?
  + Yes, it is. There's no point panicking as it will make an issue become even worse
  + As much as I think it's important. I don't see it as necessary, especially when dealing with minor problems.