## Topic: Do you think that a four-day work week will benefit our country?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Achieve a result (verb phrase): đạt được kết quả
  + to succeed in finishing or reaching something that happens or exists because of something else
  + Ex: Citizen activism has achieved many positive energy

- Do more harm than good (idiom): có hại nhiều hơn có lợi
  + to be damaging and not be helpful
  + Ex: Getting involved at this stage would do more harm than good

- Ideal (adj): lý tưởng
  + perfect, or the best possible
  + Ex: The television also comes in a compact 36 cm screen size, ideal for bedroom or kitchen use

- Exhausted (adj): kiệt sức
  + extremely tired
  + Ex: Exhausted, they fell asleep

- Grumble (verb): cằn nhằn, than phiền
  + to complain about someone or something in an annoyed way
  + Ex: She spent the evening grumbling to me about her job

- Workaholic (noun): người tham công tiếc việc
  + a person who works a lot of the time and finds it difficult not to work
  + Ex: A self-confessed workaholic, Tony Richardson can't remember when he last had a holiday

- Implement (verb): tiến hành
  + to start using a plan or system
  + Ex: The changes to the national health system will be implemented next year

- Retention (noun): sự giữ lại
  + the continued use, existence, or possession of something or someone
  + Ex: Two influential senators have argued for the rentention of the unpopular tax

- Devise a strategy (verb phrase): lập ra chiến lược
  + to invent a detailed plan for achieving success in situations such as war, politics, business, industry, or sport, or the skill of planning for such situations
  + Ex: Youtube needed to devise a strategy similar to Google's paid search

### 2. Outline
- In your opinion, what is an ideal work week?
  + For me, an ideal work week is four days on and three days off
  + An ideal work week should be somewhere between 30 and 45 hours. Otherwise, you would be exhausted

- Do people in your country share the same opinion?
  + Yes, it seems so. People in my country always grumble that it's tiring to work five and a half days a week!
  + Well, I don't think so because Vietnam is full of workaholics. We never get tired of working!

- How many days do people in your country work per week?
  + On average, it's five. Some even work on Saturday mornings and after 5:30 pm. during the week
  + It depends. For example, theapists work less than 40 hours per week, but you can't say the same for teachers or office workers

- Do you think that a four-day work week will benefit our country?
  + Yes, I do. Look at Japan - they devised this strategy in June 2021 and have achieved positive results ever since
  + I disagree. Implementing a four-day work week will do more harm than good

- If you do/don't, what are the benefits/drawbacks of a four-day work week?
  + One of the major disadvantages is that it would affect one's work-life balance.
  + In my opinion, a four-day work week will help increase work productivity and employee retention significantly