## Topic: #NakedTruth - Team-building is a pain in the neck!

### 1. Vocabulary
- A waste of time (idiom): tốn thời gian
  + the devotion of time to a useless activity
  + Ex: The lecture was a complete waste of time

- A pain in the neck (idiom): cái gì đó rất khó chịu
  + someone or something that is very annoying
  + Ex: That child is a real pain in the neck

- Interpersonal (adj): giữa cá nhân với nhau
  + connected with relationships between people
  + Ex: The successful applicant will have excellent interpersonal skills

- Lame (adj): chẳng đâu vào đâu
  + boring and pointless
  + Ex: Team building activities are meant to help people task to each other better and build stronger relationships, but they can also have the opposite effect, like when the activities are too competitive or lame or childish

- Childish (adj): như trẻ con
  + involving competition
  + Ex: Acting is very competitive - you've got to really push yourself if you want to succeed

- Competitive (adj): có tính cạnh tranh
  + involving competition
  + Ex: Acting is very competitive - you've got to really push yourself if you want to succeed

- Displeased (adj): khó chịu
  + annoyed or unhappy
  + Ex: I am very unhappy and displeased with what I have read

- Excursion (noun): đi chơi
  + a short journey usually made for pleasure, often by a group of people
  + Ex: Next week we're going to an excursion

- Introvert (noun): người hướng nội
  + someone who is shy, quiet, and prefers to spend time alone rather than often being with other people
  + Ex: She is basically an introvert, uncomfortable with loud women and comfrontations

- Bond (verb): gắn kết
  + to develop a close connection or strong relationship with someone
  + Ex: The aim was to bond the group into a closely knit team

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever attended a team building trip with your class or company?
  + Yes I have, one time with my college class and one time with my current company, to be exact
  + I have joined 2 team building trips with 2 different companies that I worked for

- Did you like it?
  + To be honest, not at all. You know, I'm not the type of person that enjoys this interpersonal activity, I think it is a waste of time
  + Yeah, I did enjoy it at same point

- Aside from the benefits, what are some disadvantages of team building?
  + There are plenty of them. It can be time consuming since companies tend to organize it on weekends, which takes away the relaxing time of employees. Also, it's like a nightmare for introverts like myself
  + Team building activities are meant to help people talk to each other better and build stronger relationships, but they can also have the oppisite effect, like when the activities are too competitive or lame or childish

- Does team building really work?
  + Not for me since we can't possibly bond with the whole company in just a single session of team building
  + For the most part, yes. The truth is while results vary, team-building events can help co-workers better understand one another and learn to be more effective at working together. However, it shouldn't be overrated

- What are some situations that team building annoys you?
  + I was on vacation with my family once in a reasonably calm resort when I notiecd a company holding team building right there. They turned on music, played games, and screamed loudly despite the fact that it was just 8a.m. Not only my family but also many other visitors are disapleased
  + The only negative point of company team building for me is that we are never allowed any free time outside of scheduled excursions and activities.