## Topic: How do you deal with a hangover

### 1. Vocabulary
- Lose one's consciousness (verb phrase): mất tỉnh táo
  + to no longer have the state of understanding and realizing something
  + Ex: He lost his consciousness as soon as he fell onto the ground

- Work like a charm (idiom): hiệu quả
  + to be very effective, possibly in a surprising way
  + Ex: It really works like a charm, don't you think?

- Hangover (noun): cảm giác khó chịu sau khi uống quá nhiều thức uống có cồn
  + a feeling of illness after drinking too much alcohol
  + Ex: I had a terrible hangover the next morning

- Refreshed (adj): sảng khoái
  + less hot or tired
  + Ex: He felt refreshed after his holiday

- Euphoric (adj): lâng lâng
  + extremely happy and excited
  + Ex: She's always in a euphoric mood when she drinks

- Nausea (noun): cơn buồn nôn
  + the feeling that you are going to vomit
  + Ex: Signs of the illness include fever, nausea, and volmiting

- Bounce back (phrasal verb): khỏe mạnh trở lại (sau khi bệnh)
  + to start to be successful again after a difficult period, for example after experiencing failure, loss of confidence, illness, or unhappiness
  + Ex: Children often seem to bounce back from illness more quickly than adults do

- Remedy (noun): phương thuốc, cách khắc phục
  + a successful way of curing an illness or dealing with a problem or difficulty
  + Ex: This is one of the most effective herbal remedies for headaches

- Alleviate a symptom (verb phrase): làm giảm nhẹ một triệu chứng
  + to make any feeling of illness or physical or mental change that is caused by a particular disease to become less severe
  + Ex: A cup of chamomile tea should help alleviate the symptoms

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever had a hangover?
  + Yes, I used to have it on almost every weekend, back when I was in high school. I used to party a lot with my roommates
  + I have never had a hangover. No matter how much I drink, I always stay sober. When I wake up the next day, I feel completely fine - even refreshed!

- How do you fele about having a hangover?
  + I feel so exhausted, you know. It's pretty similar to how you hit your head on a wall and slowly lose your consciousness
  + It's kind of euphoric, especially when you are already used to it. That's why people love to get wasted!

- How do you deal with a hangover?
  + I usually make myself a cup of ginger tea, which is said to help combat nausea perfectly
  + Like most people, I just lay in my bed and get some rest. Some people think that taking a walk may help, but I find it useless

- Is it bad to have a hangover too often?
  + Sure it is. The more hangovers you have, the less likely you will bounce back, even with the remedies that used to work like a charm for you
  + I don't think it's serious, particularly if it doesn't last for more than a day. Hangovers, they come and go, you know

- What is a good way to prevent a hangover?
  + Make sure that you are full between your drinks. Also, sip a little water between each drink: it should help alleviate the symptoms more quickly
  + You can only prevent a hangover if you drink responsibly, which means don't drink too much and never mix alcohol.