## Topic: Why is the generation gap getting bigger

### 1. Vocabulary
- Cause an issue (verb phrase): gây ra vấn đề
  + to create a subject or problem that people are thinking and talking about
  + Ex: The issue was caused by a heavy flood

- Be to blame (idiom): là lý do gây nên việc gì
  + to be the reason for something that happens
  + Ex: Who is to blame for this mess?

- Generation gap (noun): khoảng cách thế hệ
  + to worsen the situation in which older and younger people do not understand each other because of their different experiences, opinions, habits and behavior
  + Ex: The generation gap in my country is getting wider and wider

- Life expectancy (noun): tuổi thọ
  + the length of time that a living thing, especially a human being, is likely to live
  + Ex: The average life expectancy has increased over the last decade

- Connect (verb): gắn kết
  + to feel close to someone or have a good relationship with them
  + Ex: My mo and I just can't seem to connect

- Interact (verb): tương tác
  + to communicate with or react to
  + Ex: What was the last time you interacted with him?

- Serious (adj): nghiêm trọng
  + severe in effect; bad
  + Ex: It's not that serious, so just let it go!

- Measure (noun): biện pháp
  + a way of achieving something, or a method for dealing with a situation
  + Ex: What measures do you have in mind?

- Lead to misunderstanding (verb phrase): dẫn đến hiểu lầm
  + to cause an occasion when someone does not understand something correctly to exist
  + Ex: Our conversation slowly leads to misunderstanding

### 2. Outline
- Is the generation gap a serious problem in your country?
  + Yes, it is. It has caused issues not only within family but also in society
  + Gladly, it is not such a serious issue in my country since most people are around their 30-40s

- Why is the generation gap getting bigger?
  + Well, I believe it's because of the healthcare system, which has increased average life expectancy
  + Evidently, the advances of technology are to blame. People now perfer their phone over quality time with their family

- What are the disadvantages of the generation gap in a family?
  + One of the most serious disadvantages is that the seniors will find it difficult to connect with their (grand)children
  + Generation gap can easily lead to misunderstandings, say, in an extended family with many generations

- How can children get to know more about adults and vice versa?
  + Children should help their parents and grandparents keep up with the lastest technology so that they would not feel left behind
  + Children should spend more quality time with their family, especially the members who are older than them

- Does the generation gap bring about any advantage?
  + I don't think it does. So far, it has caused much trouble in our society and requires immediate measures
  + Well, I think there could be if people are willing to interact with each other. For example, children can learn valuable work experience from their parents