## Topic: [BIZ ENG] How to handle team mistakes that aren't your fault?

### 1. Vocabulary
- I don't want to be harsh on you, but recently, you have made many pitiful mistakes! (sentence): Tôi không muốn quá hà khắc nhưng dạo gần đây bạn mắc nhiều lỗi không đáng có quá
  + I don't want to be harsh on you, but recently, you have made many pitiful mistakes! Is there anything I can do to help?

- If this keeps happening, you will get a warning for your poor performance! (sentence): Nếu việc này tiếp tục tái diễn, bạn sẽ nhận một cảnh báo vì làm việc không tốt
  + If this keeps happening, you will get a warning for your poor performance! So please be careful

- Give someone a helping hand (idiom): giúp đỡ ai đó
  + to help someone
  + Ex: Do you want to give you a helping hand?

- Be willing to do something (phrase): sẵn lòng làm gì
  + to be happy to do something
  + Ex: When you have any problem, I am willing to help

- Take up (phrasal verb): giải quyết điều gì
  + to discuss something or deal with something
  + Ex: A leading law firm took up his case

- Working progress (noun phrase): tiến độ làm việc
  + the process of a piece of work
  + Ex: Your mistake has affected the working progress of our whole team

- Harsh (adj): hà khắc
  + unpleasant, unkind, cruel, or more severe than is necessary
  + There is no alternatiev, "she said in a harsh voice"

- Unacceptable (adj): không thể chấp nhận được
  + too bad to be accepted, approved of, or allowed to continue
  + Ex: It's unacceptable to make this mistake for the second time

- Duty (noun): nghĩa vụ
  + something that you have to do because it is part of your job, or something that you feel is the right thing to do
  + I felt it was my duty to tell them the truth

### 2. Outline
- When your coworker makes a mistake, are you willing to help?
  + Yes, I am willing to help if it is within my ability
  + It depends! If they make the same mistake so many times, there's no reason why I have to give them a helping hand

- But what if this keeps happening so many times?
  + I have to talk to them because I don't want to be responsible for other's faults
  + I would have a serious talk because why do I always have to take it up when my teammates do something wrong?

- How do you tell your coworker not to make mistakes again?
  + I don't want to be harsh on you, but recently, you have made many pitiful mistakes!
  + I've noticed that you've made many mistakes recently, which affect the working progress of our whole team. Is there anything I can do to help you not let this happen again?

- How to tell your coworker that you don't have time to correct their problem?
  + I am very happy to help you fix the problems. But honestly, I have my work, so I don't think I can help you every time you make mistakes
  + Your mistakes might affect the whole team. Everyone, myself included, don't have much time to fix problems like this so many times! This is unacceptable

- What if your coworker says it's the duty of a team to fix each other's problem?
  + Of course! We'd love to help you! But it is also the duty of teach and any member to do the tasks well!
  + We'd love to help. But if this keeps happening, you will get a warning for your poor performance! Don't let your carelessness affect our whole team

- Do you have any tips in this case?
  + Be honest to your coworker
  + Don't be too harsh because we don't want to make everything worse!