## Topic: When you're going through a tough time, how do you keep yourself motivated?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be down in the dumps (idiom): cảm thấy tuyệt vọng
  + unhappy
  + Ex: She's a bit down in the dumps because she failed one of her exams

- Seize any opportunity (phrase): nắm bắt mọi cơ hội
  + take advantage of it and do something that you want to do
  + Ex: My uncle offered me a trip to Europe, so I seized the opportunity

- Find comfort in something/somebody (phrase): tìm kiếm sự an ủi từ ai hay cái gì
  + to experience a good feeling because of something
  + Ex: She found comfort in music

- Monotonous (adj): một màu, nhàm chán
  + never changing and therefore boring
  + Ex: The housewives were asked if they found housework monotonous

- Undergo (verb): trải qua
  + to experience something, especially a change or something unpleasant
  + Ex: My mother underwent major surgery last year

- Hardship (noun): khó khăn
  + a situation that is difficult and unpleasant because you do not have enough money, food, clothes, etc.
  + Ex: It was no hardship to walk home on such a lovely evening

- Enlighten (verb): khai sáng
  + to give somebody information so that they understand something better
  + Ex: She didn't enlighten him about her background

- Demanding (adj): đòi hỏi quá nhiều
  + expecting a lot of work or attention from others; not easily satisfied
  + Ex: My grandma became very demanding as she got older

- Confront (verb): đối diện
  + to appear and need to be dealt with by somebody
  + Ex: I was suddenly confronted by the task of rewriting the entire book

### 2. Outline
- When was your hardest time?
  + It must be the period after my graduation ceremony. I could not find any suitable jobs
  + It was when I lost everything. I had no good friends around. I didn't know my passion or goals in life. I had no one to confide in

- How did you feel?
  + I felt really down in the dumps. I could not find happiness at that time
  + I found hopeless and lost directions. I felt tedious and monotonous but I could not even escape those feelings

- How did you overcome it?
  + I asked for help from those who used to undergo the situation like me. Listening to their stories and how they overcome the hardship made me feel stronger
  + The book called: "Quite: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking" enlightening my soul. I gradually accepted my true self

- What did you learn from that time?
  + I learned that I should not be too demanding. I should seize any opporunity that comes to my hands
  + I figured out my nature which I should not deny and hide. Instead, I had to become a proud and confident me, not try to be someone else

- What do you do to encourage yourself when going through hard times?
  + I try to figure out the proof of the problem, confront and deal with it
  + I get insipred by meaningful movies and find comfort in my loved ones