## Topic: If you are 35 years old without marriage, are you still waiting for your true love?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Good wine needs to bush (idiom): hữu xa tự nhiên hương
  + there's no need to advertise or boast about something of good quality as people will always discover its merits
  + Ex: I believe this product will be popular because good wine needs to bush

- End up with a wrong person (verb phrase): mắc kẹt, yêu/cưới sai người
  + to love, or get married with the wrong person
  + Ex: I don't wanna end up with a wrong person!

- Other half (idiom): nửa còn lại, người yêu, vợ chồng
  + your partner, husband or wife
  + Ex: Remember to bring your other half to the party

- Stand on one's own feet (idiom): tự lập không phụ thuộc vào ai
  + to be independent, not relying on anyone
  + Ex: By the age of 27, I hope to stand on my own feet

- Prerequisite (adj): tiên quyết
  + something that must exist or happen before something else can exist or happen
  + Ex: Passing a written test is a prerequisite for taking the advanced course

- Destiny (noun): định mệnh
  + the things that will happen in the future
  + Ex: She felt that her destiny had been shaped by her gender

- Cuddle (verb): âu yếm
  + to put your arms around someone and hold them in a loving way, or (of two people) to hold each other close to show love or for comfort
  + Ex: She cuddled the baby and eventually it stopped crying

- Practical (adj): thực tế
  + relating to experience, real situations, or actions rather than ideas or imagination
  + Ex: The service offers young people practical advice on finding a job

- Maturiry (noun): sự chín chắn, trưởng thành
  + the state of being mentally and emontionally well-developed, and therefore responsible
  + Ex: It takes maturity to be a leader

### 2. Outline
- What is your ideal kind of love?
  + Two people cuddle on a sofa and have some snacks! This is my vision of love
  + Love should be practical, so I think my ideal kind of love sgould be firmly supported by money

- What qualities should your partner have?
  + I have a lot of criteria, but the prerequisite requirement it is to able to stand on his own feet
  + Well! Nothing much! A heart full of love is the only thing I ask for

- What is the best age to get married?
  + Most of the people marry between the age of 20 to 25. It is sometimes said that people should be encouraged to get married before they are 30
  + I don't believe that there is a right time for anything, marriage included. It's more about the maturity of the two people than the age itself, I think

- If you are 35 years old without marriage, are you still waiting for your true love? Why?
  + I would say it might be the case since I'd prefer to stay single rather than end up with the wrong person. It is not a surprise, I believe, because there are plenty of people who still enjoy their every moment without a life partner
  + I am full of hopes that my other half will come eventually. In my opinion, marriage is something very important as well as it is a people's destiny. I believe in the theory that only true love can lead to a happy marriage

- Just stay still, love will come - What do you think?
  + I don't think so! We should be the one who finds love because love ain't an easy game!
  + Yeah! I've always believed that good wine needs to bush 