## Topic: Why do some people struggle to make decision?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Make up one's mind (idiom): đưa ra quyết định
  + make a choice or decision
  + Ex: Maddie was on the fence about what college to go to, but, after visiting both campuses, it was easy for her to make up her mind because the food was much better at one

- On the fence (idiom): phân vân
  + If you are on the fence, it means that you are undecided between two options and can't make up your mind to decide which way to go
  + Ex: I want to get a new phone, but I'm on the fence about changing from an iPhone to an Android

- To be based on something (phrase): dựa theo cái gì
  + to use information to support or prove an opinion or belieft
  + Ex: It has to be based on something, and until they have something more to go on it's all just theories

- One way or another (idiom): bằng cách này hay cách khác
  + two possible decisions or conclusions that have previously been mentioned, without stating which one is reached or preferred
  + Ex: We've got to make our decision one way or the other

- Define (verb): định nghĩa
  + to say what the meaning of something
  + Ex: Before I answer your question, could you define your terms a little more?

- Struggle (verb): vật lộn
  + to experience difficulty and make a very great effort in order to do something
  + Ex: The dog had been struggling to get free of the wire noose

- Consequence (noun): hệ quả
  + a result of a particular action or situation
  + Ex: I told the hairdress to do what she wanted to my hair, and look at the consequence!

- Tough (adj): khó khăn
  + difficult to do or to deal with
  + Ex: They've had an exceptionally tough life

- Critical (adj): quan trọng
  + of the greatest importance to the way things might happen
  + Ex: The president's support is critical (to this project)

### 2. Outline
- What kinds of decisions do people make everyday?
  + Well, most people make thousands of decisions every day. At home, they choose what to eat and what to wear. At work, they have to choose which task is the most important
  + People make different kinds of choices in their everyday life from deciding what to wear for work to whether to eat vegetables or meat. When they go shopping, they have to decide what to buy and if they should try to get a better deal.

- Do you find making decisions easy?
  + I think it depends. If it's a small decision that doesn't really matter, I can make it without much trouble. On the other hand, making a big decision like what task to do is much harder, and it will take me a long time and be hard for me to decide
  + It's a little bit tricky for me, I don't know. I struggle making up my mind since I always focus too much on the consequences

- Do you think decision-making is a skill that should be developed?
  + Yes, I agree. In life, we have to make many decisions, such as what job to do, when to get married, and so on. These can have a big effect on our life, so it is important that we can make good choices so we can live a happy life
  + Absolutely, I think it is one of the most essential skills a person needs to be successful

- What kinds of decisions are difficult to make?
  + I'd say that the toughest decisions are those related to university or career choice. Such decisions are critical as they define people's lives
  + I think that firing people is one of the hardest decisions to make. Before making those tough decisions, people always have to think carefully about what is best for the business and its employees and always be on the fence

- Is it better to make a decision thinking about what you want or thinking about what other people want?
  + It is always better to make a decision based on what I truly want rather than what others want because I will have to live with whatever decision I make for the rest of my life one way or another
  + I think, of course, it never hurts to speak with the people we love or care about sometimes and ask them what they want in order to bring them on board with my decision, but the decision will always be mine based on what I truly desire