## Topic: What will you do if your parents do not accept you because of your mistakes or failures

### 1. Vocabulary
- Acknowledge one's mistake (verb phrase): thừa nhận lỗi sai
  + to accept one's action, decision, or judgment that produces as unwanted or unintentional result
  + Ex: It's important to acknowledge our mistakes

- Be doomed to failure (verb phrase): có nhiều khả năng thất bại
  + to be certain to fail
  + Ex: Not too sound to negative, but I think our project is doomed to failure

- On impulse (idiom): tùy hứng, không dự tính trước
  + because you suddenly want to, although you haven't planned to
  + Ex: I went out on impulse, so I did not bring an umbrella

- Misunderstand (verb): hiểu lầm
  + to think you have understood someone or something when you have not
  + Ex: If you think that these transport problems can be solved by building more roads, you completely misunderstand the nature of the problem

- Forgiveness (noun): sự tha thứ
  + the act of forgiving or the willingness to forgive
  + Ex: He asked for her forgiveness, but she would not let things go that easily

- Sympathy (noun): sự cảm thông
  + understanding and care for someone else's suffering
  + Ex: Can you show a little sympathy?

- Overthink (verb): nghĩ ngợi nhiều
  + to think about something too much, in a way that is not useful
  + Ex: I overthink everything and worry too much

- Unthinkable (adj): không thể ngờ
  + so shocking that it cannot be imagined as possible
  + Ex: Today, we see growing acceptance of gay marriage - somethign that would have been unthinkable a generation ago

- Regret (verb): hối hận
  + to feel sorry about a situation, especially something sad or wrong or a mistake that you have made
  + Ex: Is there anything you've done in your life that you regret?

### 2. Outline
- What will you do if your parents do not accept you because of your mistakes or failures?
  + I guess I'll just let it move on. There's no point talking back to my parents because they would not listen to me anyway. It's poinless
  + My parents and I misunderstand each other's points all the time, so I think it's best that we sit down and talk about what happended. I didn't mean to make much mistakes, after all

- Why do you do that?
  + Well, I acted on impulse, and I guess that I was so into my friend's words, claiming that our business would thrive. I should have given it some thoughts
  + My bike has been broken for months and I've been wanting to talk about this with my parents. I did not know it was an inappropriate time

- Why don't they accept your mistakes or failures, in your opinion?
  + I did ask my parents for forgiveness, but they told me they would not do that until I have acknowledge my deadly mistakes
  + I believe that it's only a matter of time. I deserve to earn their sympathy because I totally regret what I have done to them

- How did you overcome your mistakes or failures?
  + Everything's been doomed to a failure, so there's no way to fix my mistakes. However, I will try to find a new job and work hard to pay for the loss I've made
  + I got over my mistakes by stopping overthinking. That's what my parents told me to do as well. I'm glad they helped me pull myself together

- What mistakes or failures are unforgivable, in your opinion?
  + There is no such thing as an unforgivable mistake. They are only accidents and are not planned activities that will intentionally cause them
  + Those who do the unthinkable, such as robbing or killing, do not deverse to be forgiven under any circumstances.