## Topic: What do you do when you feel you are not being loved enough in your relationship?

### 1. Vocabulary
- A shoulder to cry on (idiom): bờ vai để tựa vào
  + someone who is willing to listen to your problems and give you sympathy, emotional support, and encouragement
  + Ex: I wish you'd been here when my mother died and I needed a shoulder to cry on

- Put an end to something (idiom): chấm dứt
  + to make something stop happening or existing
  + Ex: How can we put an end to the fighting?

- Stand side by side (verb phrase): sát cánh
  + to be together
  + Ex: They stand side by side to overcome the difficulty

- Put the blame on someone (verb phrase): đổ lỗi cho ai
  + to say or think that someone or something did something wrong or is responsible for something bad happening
  + Ex: She put the blame on me

- Harmony (noun): sự hòa hợp, sự hòa thuận
  + a situation in which people are peaceful and agree with each other, or when things seem right or suitable together
  + Ex: We must ensure that tourism develops in harmony with the environment

- Support (noun): sự hỗ trợ
  + emotional or practical help
  + Ex: Liz gave me a lot of support when I lost my job

- Sacrifice (verb): hy sinh
  + to give up something that is valuable to you in order to help another person
  + Ex: Many women sacrifice interesting careers for their families

- Committed (adj): tận tình, quan tâm
  + loyal and willing to give your time and energy to something that you believe in
  + Ex: We are committed to improving services

- Proprietorship (noun): quyền sở hữu
  + the situation of owning something
  + Ex: Under his proprietorship the Journal continued to prosper

### 2. Outline
- Are you in a relationship now?
  + Yes. My boyfriend and I have been dating for several months. Luckily, we are really in harmony with each other
  + No. I'm single now, but honestly sometimes I feel so alone and I am trying to find a person who can give me a shoulder to cry on

- How do you currently feel about your partner?
  + To me, my boyfriend is a perfect man. He always loves and stand side by side with me whenever I need his support
  + The only thing I don't like about my boyfriend is that he always shows proprietorship. I don't want to be controlled because I am not his property

- What do you do when you feel you are not loved enough in your relationship?
  + If I feel that I am "unloved" in my relationship, I will break up with him immediately because I don't want to sacrifice too much for love
  + I will talk to my boyfriend about what I am thinking in my mind and see how he reacts to it. If the situation is not better, I will put an end to my relationship

- What are some signs that your partner doesn't love you enough?
  + If your partner doesn't remember your birthday or anniversaries, it's a sign he/she is not committed to the relationship