## Topic: Do you think cooking is a pleasure or a chore for people who have busy lives?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Prepare meals for something (verb phrase): chuẩn bị bữa ăn cho ai
  + do the process of planning an occasion when food is served of eaten, esp, breakfast, lunch, or dinner, or the food itself on such an occasion
  + Ex: My mom usually prepares meals for me before I go to school

- Have a lot on one's plate (idiom): bận rộn
  + to have a large or excessive amount of things to do or deal with
  + Ex: I just have a lot on my plate right now while I'm finishing up my degree and doing this huge project for work

- Create bonds (verb phrase): tạo sự gắn bó
  + to make or produce a strong feeling of friendship, love, or shared beliefs and experiences that unites them
  + Ex: Being roommates with other people helps create bonds which can't be created otherwise

- Take forever (idiom): lâu lắc, tốn nhiều thời gian
  + if something takes forever, it happens very slowly
  + Ex: In rush-hour traffic, it takes forever to get home

- Time-consuming (adj): tốn thời gian
  + takes a lot of time to do
  + Ex: Producing a dictionary is a very time-consuming job

- Pleasure (noun): niềm vui, hài lòng
  + enjoyment, happiness, or satisfaction, or something that gives this
  + Ex: His visits gave hí grandparents such pleasure

- Responsibility (noun): trách nhiệm
  + something that it is your job or duty to deal with
  + Ex: She takes her responsibilities as a nurse very seriously

- Satisfaction (noun): sự hài lòng
  + a pleasant feeling that you get when you receive something you wanted, or when you have done something you wanted to do
  + Ex: She looked at the finished painting with satisfaction

- Busy life (noun phrase): cuộc sống bận rộn
  + working hard, or giving your attention to a particular thing for the whole of a person's life
  + Ex: Ryan understands how hard it is to fit exercise into a busy life

### 2. Outline
- Do you prefer eating home cooked meals or eating out?
  + I prefer home-cooked food because I think it's healthier and you know exactly what you're eating
  + I will choose the latter option. Eating out in a restaurant saves my time and it gives me the opportunity to try many different dishes!

- Do you like cooking?
  + Although I am not a cook by any means, I do enjoy preparing meals for my family. I love the sense of satisfaction when dinners are served
  + No, I am not really interested in cooking, as I find it quite time-consuming and tedious. Thinking about the ingredents I have to prepare really irritates me.

- Do you think cooking is a pleasure or a chore for people who have busy lives?
  + No, I don't think so. Cooking for other people is a particular pleasure, but it's only for people who have time since preparing a meal can take forever
  + Yes, I guess there's nothing more satisfying than seeing people you love tucking into something you've cooked yourself

- What benefits do busy people have when they cook?
  + People who have a lot on their plate do not usually spend time with their family. I think cooking is a great chance for them to create bonds among family members!
  + Cooking is a practice of meditation! It can help busy people relieve stress since they often experience stressful situations at work

- Are there people who cook happier?
  + Yes, cooking makes you happy. It is not only cooking, but sharing meals with others also is associated with greater feelings of happiness
  + No, some people feel bored taking the responsibility to cook everyday and they can do nothing to change it. For example, they cook as a full-time worker or cook for their family.