## Topic: Have you ever been a "victim" of compliments?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Rest on one's laurels (idiom): ngủ quên trên chiến thắng
  + to feel so satisfied with what you have already achieved that you do not try to do any more
  + Ex: We rested on our laurels too long

- Compliment someone on something (verb phrase): khen ai đó vì việc gì
  + to praise or express adminiration for someone
  + Ex: I was just complimenting Robert on his wonderful food

- Receive admiration from someone (verb phrase): nhận được sự ngưỡng mộ từ ai
  + to get the feeling of admiring from someone
  + Ex: I've received much admiration from my co-workers

- Motivate (verb): tạo động lực
  + to make someone want to do something well
  + Ex: Teaching is all about motivating people to learn

- Compliment (noun): lời khen
  + a remark that express approval, admiration, or respect
  + Ex: He complained that his husband never paid him any compliments anymore

- Recognize (verb): ghi nhận, công nhận
  + if a people's achievements are recognized, official approval is shown for them
  + Ex: The Queen recognized his services to his country by awarding him an MBE

- Double-edged (adj): hai mặt, có tốt và xấu
  + something that is double-edged acts in two ways, often with one negative and one positive effect
  + Ex: She paid me the double-edged compliment of saying my work was "excellent for a beginner"

- Rational (adj): lý trí
  + based on clear thought and reason
  + Ex: He was too upset to be rational

- Judgment (noun): lời phán xét
  + the ability to form valuable opinions and make good decisions
  + Ex: I don't think you have the right to pass judgment

### 2. Outline
- Do you like receiving compliments?
  + Yes, I do! I think everyone loves to be complimented or receive good words
  + Of course! Everyone does! It's really great to receive compliments and appreciation from others on your works

- Why do most of us like receiving compliments?
  + Because complements help to motivate us to work better
  + Because as human beings, we love to be regonized and receive admiration from other people

- Compliments can be a double-edged sword - What do you think?
  + I do agree that compliments can be a double-edged sword because as a saying goes; It is easier to catch files with honey than with vinegar
  + I do think so because a lot of people give us fake compliments to please us. And we tend to rest on our laurels very easily

- Have you ever been a "victim" of compliments?
  + Thankfully, I have never been in that situation before. When someone compliments me on something, I always try to be rational and critical
  + Yes, I have! It was 3 years ago. I thought I was the best student in class because my teacher complimented a lot on me. Then, life hit me so hard

- What should we do to minimize the "downsize" of compliments?
  + I think we should be more rational when receiving any compliments
  + I think that besides compliments, we should give them judgments at the same time.