## Topic: Does modern social media make people less socially active?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Crave social interaction (verb phrase)
  + to have a very strong feeling of wanting an occasion when two or more people or things communication with or react to each other
  + Ex: After 2 weeks of quarantine, she's really craving social interaction

- Build a global community (verb phrase)
  + to develop the relationships among people from all around the world
  + Ex: Our company's target is to build a global community

- Busy bee (idiom): 
  + one who is very busy and active
  + Ex: My mom is a real busy bee around Christmas time

- Rub shoulders with someone (idiom)
  + to meet and spend time with someone
  + Ex: She claims that she rubs shoulders with royalty all the time

- Social media (noun)
  + websites and computer programs that allow people to communicate and share information on the internet using a computer or mobile phone
  + Ex: Companies are increasingly making use of social media in order to market their goods

- Active (adj)
  + involved in a particular activity
  + Ex: Both of his parents were very politically active

- Connect (verb)
  + to feel close to someone or have a good relationship with them
  + Ex: She has a remarkable ability to connect with a wide variety of people

- Face-to-face (adj)
  + directly
  + Ex: We've spoken on the phone but never face-to-face

- Communicate (verb)
  + to share information with others by speaking, writing, moving your body, or using other signals
  + Ex: We can now communicate instantly with people on the other side of the world

### 2. Outline
- Do you use social media?
  + We've living in a fast-paced world, so youngsters, including me, use social media quite often. I am addicted to Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube
  + Honestly, I don't even have one. I am not into using any social networking applications because I just don't feel safe using them

- Are you a social person?
  + Yeah, sort of. I can be very socially active when I'm around a suitable group of people. I crave social interactios, I feel most charged when I spend time with others
  + I didn't think I was a social person before the presence of social media tools, but when I started to use them, I found myself quite talkative!

- Does modern social media make people less socially active?
  + Yes, I believe social media platforms are causing people to be less social in real life. Nowadays, people tend to look at their phones all the time when they hang out with their friends
  + No, it helps people to be more social. Some people feel shy when they first meet new people, so social media is a great way to start a conversation and create new relationships

- What are the advantages of social media?
  + It is obvious that social media platforms build a global community. You can grow your professional network online tremedously by rubbing shoulders with professionals
  + The main advantage of social media is that you update yourself on the latest happenings around the world. You can get the facts and true information by simply scrolling

- Will you still use those social media in the future?
  + I don't think so. I hold strong beliefs that people will try as much as possible to be connected via face-to-face conversations and real interactions
  + Why not? They are of great use to humankind! In the modern age, social media platforms will be the only way for busy bees to communicate in this hectic life!