## Topic: What is the difference between "love" and "like"?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Head over heels in love (idiom): yêu ai tha thiết
  + completely in love
  + Ex: He's fallen head over heels in love with his boss

- Lend someone a hand (idiom): giúp đỡ ai đó
  + to help someone
  + Ex: Could you lend me a hand with these suitcases?

- Fall in love with (verb phrase): phải lòng
  + to be very attracted to someone and begin to love them
  + Ex: He fell in love with a young German student

- Create an emotional connection (verb phrase): tạo ra sự kết nối cảm xúc
  + to show the state of being related to someone's emotion
  + Ex: Couples often try to create emotional connection

- Affection (noun): tình yêu thương
  + a feeling of liking for a person or place
  + Ex: She felt no affection for the child

- Inflame (verb): kích thích, đốt cháy
  + to cause or increase very strong feelings such as anger or excitement
  + Ex: Her sister was inflamed with jealousy

- Vulnerable (adj): dễ bị tổn thương
  + weak and easily hurt physically or emotionally
  + Ex: She looked very vulnerable standing there on her own

- Value (verb): đánh giá cao
  + to consider something important
  + Ex: I've always valued her advice

- Assistance (noun): sự giúp đỡ
  + help or support
  + Ex: The company needs more financial assistance from the government

### 2. Outline
- Has there been anyone saying "I love you" to you?
  + No one has said "I love you" to me, but I said three little words to a girl. I used to fall head over heels in love with her, but now she is just a memory
  + Yes. My boyfriend and I often say "I love you" to each other to express our love as well as inflame our feelings

- What are some signs of falling in love?
  + When you love someone, you can't stop thinking of them and you are always curious about where they are, what they are doing, or how they are feeling
  + One of the signs of falling in love is that you are glued to your phone. You always wait for their messages and even you may feel sad if that person doesn't text you

- What is the difference between "love" and "like"?
  + Loving someone means that he or she is everything to you, while liking someone means that you are simply happy being with that person
  + The main difference between them is the level of affection. When you like someone, you feel happy when you are around them. When you love someone, you feel that you can't manage to live without them

- How do we know when someone really loves us?
  + A person who loves you will totally trust you. They will not question where you go, follow you or check your phone or computer
  + A loving partner always cheers your success and lends you a hand when you get in trouble. They are always willing to offer assistance when you need it.

- How to make someone change from "like" to "love" us?
  + If you want to make a man fall in love with you, you should try to open up and be vulnerable around him. This can help to create an emotional connection between you.
  + One of the good ways is to show that you value this person's presence in your life. You can ask them for help, opinion, or support to make this person feel useful and needed.