## Topic: Do Vietnamese people overestimate the importance of qualifications?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Work their fingers to the bone (idiom): làm việc cật lực
  + to work extremely hard, especially for a long time
  + Ex: She worked her fingers to the bone to provide a home and food for seven children

- Seize any chance (phrase): nắm bắt mọi cơ hội
  + when you seize an opportunity, you take advantage of it and do something that you want to do
  + Ex: I decided to look at other opportunities and seize the opportunity to do something different

- Think the world of (idiom): đánh giá cao
  + to have a very high opinion of someone or something
  + Ex: His professors at Columbia think the world of him

- Have a sense of responsibility (phrase): có trách nhiệm
  + having the job or duty of doing something or taking care of somebody/something, so that you may be blamed if something goes wrong
  + Ex: She feels to have a sense of responsibility towards her employees

- Punctual (adj): đúng giờ
  + happening or doing something at the arranged or correct time, not late
  + Ex: She has been reliable and punctual

- Inferior (adj): thấp kém
  + not good or not as good as somebody/something else
  + Ex: Her obvious popularity made me feel inferior

- Assess (verb): đánh giá
  + to make a judgment about the nature or quality of somebody/something
  + Ex: It's difficult to assess the effects of these changes

- Capacity (noun): khả năng
  + the ability to understand or to do something
  + Ex: She has an enormous capacity for hard work

- Discrimination (noun): phân biệt đối xử
  + the practice of treating somebody or a particular group in society less fairly than others
  + Ex: There is widespread discrimination against traveling communities

### 2. Outline
- Do Vietnamese people overestimate the importance of certificates?
  + Yes! Employers think the world of employees who fill their CV with many certificates or professional qualification
  + Not really! To prove that, many young people are engaged in different industries from their majors

- What are the other important factors?
  + Work ethics are crucial. Candidates must be punctual, have a strong sense of responsibility and work their fingers to the bone to create values
  + Experience and characteristics must be taken into equal consideration

- Are there any opportunities for those who don't have many qualifications?
  + I think people can get many opportunities when they have a university diploma
  + Those will be inferior compared to ones who have more qualifications. But it doesn't mean that there is no chance for them. They have to seek and seize any opportunity

- Can qualifications reflect the capacities of employees?
  + Yes, but not 100%. There are many other exterior factors involved. Luckiness is one of them. I think it can only assess 50% of one's actual capacities
  + It depends on the reliability of the qualification. Some are easily purchased with money

- What are the difficulties of employees who don't have many qualifications?
  + They have to accept low-paid jobs first to gain more knowledge, skills or experience
  + They might suffer hardships and discrimation. They must double or triple harder than those who own many qualifications to gain opportunities.