## Topic: Do you think that karaoke has made noise pollution become worse?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Relieve stress (verb phrase): giải tỏa căng thẳng
  + to make great worry caused by a difficult situation, or something that causes this condition less strong
  + Ex: Doing yoga is a good way to relieve stress

- Kick against the pricks (idiom): chống đối chính quyền
  + to argue and fight against people in authority
  + Ex: They are still kicking against the pricks for all they are worth but fortunately they have remembered to write some tunes this time around

- Noise pollution (noun): ô nhiễm, tiếng ồn
  + noise, such as that from traffic, that upsets people where they live or work and is considered to be unhealthy for them
  + Ex: Noise pollution has become worse in the last couple of decades

- Concentrate (verb): tập trung
  + to direct your attention or your efforts towards a particular activity, subject, or problem
  + Ex: Come on, concentrate! We don't have all day to do this

- Ban (verb): cấm
  + to forbid = (refuse to allow) something, especially officially
  + Ex: She was banned from driving for two years

- Damage (verb): hủy hoại
  + to harm or spoil something
  + Ex: It was a scandal that damaged a lot of reputations

- Factor (noun): yếu tố
  + a fact or situation that influences the result of something
  + Ex: People's voting habits are influenced by political, social, and economic factors

- Excessively (adv): dai dẳng
  + in a way that is too much
  + Ex: She was polite but not excessively so

- Exacerbate an issue (verb phrase): làm một tình hình thêm trầm trọng
  + to make a subject or problem that people are thinking and talking about that is already bad even worse
  + Ex: The solution does not seem to solve but even exacerbates the issue

### 2. Outline
- How do you feel about people singing karaoke in public?
  + I honestly think it's a fun way to release stress. However, it can be annoying to some, especially if you do that in public
  + I find them quite irritating. It feels like they want to show off their vocals to everyone in the neighborhood!

- Do you think that karaoke has made noise pollution become worse?
  + While I don't take kindly to karaoke, I don't argree that it has exacerbated the issue. Still, it's important for the authorities to come up with proper measures
  + I completely agree. Without immediate measures, I'm afraid that it will bring several health problems like hearing loss

- What are the negative effects of karaoke on our daily lives?
  + I find it difficult to concentrate on my studies when someone is singing karaoke
  + From what I read before, karaoke will damage your hearing in the long term. Therefore, we should not sing karaoke too excessively

- Should the government ban karaoke?
  + I don't think it's necessary. Plus, rest assured that everyone will kick against the pricks because it's ridiculous to place a ban on singing!
  + Definitely, especially if it's in public. I don't think I can put up with this form of entertainment any longer

- What other factors have contributed to noise pollution?
  + Besides karaoke, honking is one of those factors that have made noise pollution worse over time
  + There are several, but noise from construction sites is what is believed to be the most severe. It drives me nuts!