## Topic: Why do some people keep changing their jobs?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Fulfil one's requirements (verb phrase): thỏa mãn nhu cầu
  + to satisfy someone by proding them with something needed or necessary
  + Ex: The company fulfils ít employees requirements by offering them competitive compensation

- Earn a competitive salary (verb phrase): nhận mức lương cạnh tranh
  + to receive a large sum of money as payment for work that you do
  + Ex: She's been working hard for 2 years to earn a competitive salary

- Find one's feet (idiom): làm quen, tìm chỗ đứng
  + to become famillar with and confident in a new situation
  + Ex: Did it take you long to find your feet when you started your new job?

- Throw in the towel (idiom): bỏ cuộc, ngưng làm gì đó
  + to stop trying to do something because you have realized that you cannot succeed
  + Ex: After losing the election, he threw in the towel on his political career

- Job-hop (verb): nhảy việc
  + to change jobs frequently
  + Ex: Young people are more likely to job-hop than their older counterpart

- Position (noun): công việc, chức vụ
  + a job
  + Ex: She applied for a position in the firm that I work for

- Career (noun): sự nghiệp
  + the job or series of jobs that you do during your working life, especially if you continue to get better jobs and earn more money
  + Ex: He's hoping for a career in the police force

- Burn out (phrasal verb): kiệt sức vì làm việc quá nhiều
  + to experience extreme tiredness usually caused by working too much
  + Ex: Doing one task for too long can cause you to burn out

- Probation (noun): thời gian thử việc
  + a period of time at the start of a new job when you are watched and tested to see if you are suitable for the job
  + Ex: FOr an initial period of probation your manager will closely monitor your progress

### 2. Outline
- Are you employed?
  + Yes, currently. I'm working as an engineer for a construction company. I have been responsible for this position for 4 years and never thougt about quitting
  + I'm still taking courses at school. However, I have a part-time job at a publishing company because I want to gain more useful experience for my future career

- How do you feel about your job?
  + I'm quite satisfied with my current job. It fulfils all of my requirements such as high salary, friendly environment and high chance of promotion
  + I think it is beyond my reach. I tried to practice as much as I could but still failed to perform effectively at work. I'm thinking about changing my major

- Why do some people keep changing their job?
  + I think the most common reason why people throw in the towel on their current job is because they are concerned about the lack of opportunities for advancement
  + For me, it's the money that makes people want to job hop. They quit working for the current company in the hope that they will earn a more competitive salary at the new one

- What are the disadvantages of changing careers too often?
  + When changing jobs, you will feel stressed to learn various new things in a rather short period of probation time. If things get worse, you may even burn out quite soon
  + It is obvious that if you quit your job, you will be exposed to serious financial risks and may have to get into debt to cover your expenses

- What should people prepare every time they change their job?
  + To financially prepare for a job transition, you need to save money for at least six months of expenses. It will help you pay the monthly expenses such as electricity, internet bills, etc
  + To find your feet at a new position, you should identify the new skills you need to master because further education can make you stand out among tons of candidates!