## Topic: [NEGOTIAGE] How do you negotiate a raise in a performance review?!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Bring something to table (idiom): mang đến điều gì có lợi
  + to provide something that will be a benefit
  + Ex: Clarkson was the right person to hire - she brings a lot of experience and some important skills to the table

- Generate a profit (verb phrase): tạo ra lợi nhuận
  + to make the financial benefit
  + Ex: This project has generated a great amount of profit!

- Be beyond one's power (phrase): vượt quá quyền hạn của ai
  + to not have the authority or ability to do something
  + Ex: I can't decide it! It's very beyond my current power

- Make a proposal (verb phrase): đề xuất
  + to make a plan or suggestion, especially a formal or written one, put forward for consideration or dicussion by others
  + Ex: If you want to get a raise, try to make a proposal!

- Scope of work (noun phrase): phạm vi, khối lượng công việc
  + an agreement on the work you're going to perform on the project
  + Your scope of work is clearly written in the contract

- Raise (noun): tiền lương được tăng thêm
  + an increase in the amount that you are paid for the work you do
  + Ex: She asked the boss for a raise

- Reasonable (adj): hợp lý
  + acceptable
  + Ex: We have a strong team and a reasonable chance of winning the game

- Compensation (noun): tiền lương và những phúc lợi khác nhân viên nhận được
  + the combination of money and other benefits that an employee receives for doing their job
  + Ex: Annual compensation for our executives includes salary and bonus under our incentive plan

- Net income (noun phrase): thu nhập sau thuế, thu nhập thực nhận
  + a person's income after all tax and other costs have peen paid
  + Ex: Next year, her net income will increase to almost $19,000, thank to the increases in tax credits

### 2. Outline
- Format description
  + This negotiating format is a role playing conversation (1 Moderator & 1 User)
  + The user will be Party A, who will start negotiation by stating the aim. And the moderator will be Party B
  + There will be 5 parts: Stating aims, Stating the reasons, Response, Making concessions and Finishing the negotiation and Finishing the negotiation. In each part, there will be suggested arguments and answers for each party
  + Both parties can modify the arguments and answers based on the actual situation of the negotiation

- Stating aims (Party A)
  + Thank you for your feedback on my performance. In terms of expectation after taking many factors into account, I'd like to ask for a raise
  + Thank you so much for this performance review. As for your question of my expectation, I'd like to ask for a new rate of salary

- Round 1 (stating the reasons - Party A)
  + I've been contributing to our company for over 2 years with several certain achievements in generating profit. Based on my skills, expertise and experience, I expect to receive a new salary of (number) per month. I think this is a reasonable number in comparison with the salary range for somebody with the same qualifications, seniority and experience in this role
  + During my time working for our company, not only me, but also other staff members also recognize my values and contribution to the revenue generation process and the increased number of contracts signed. I'd like to request a monthly raise of (number). I really hope for your approval as a way of recognizing my contributions
  + As you know that my position is (position) with the scope of work includes (insert some tasks and responsibilities). However, I actually have to be in charge of some side tasks from the company's mini project, which are beyond my scope of work. I am willing and happy to work on those tasks, but I would be more motivated if there is some extra bonus on my monthly wage!

- Round 2 ( Response - Party B)
  + Thank you for sharing! The board managers highly appreciate your contributions and time working with us! However, we will need more time to discuss the number you have just offered as it beyond my power. If it's possible, I can approve right away the new rate of (number). I know it's a bit lower than what you expect, but I am afraid that the procedure of approving your request might take a long time
  + Thanks for telling me your expectations! For your information, the decision whether an employee can get a raise or not is based on the performance and the seniority. Your performance during the past few months is oustanding. However, the process of approving your request might take some time as you have just entered our company. But I do think that you deserve a raise for bringing economic values to the company
  + I do know that recently you are responsible for multiple tasks. But I hope you know that we do recognize your abilities, that's why we assign those tasks to you! In terms of extra compensation, I have already made a proposal to the board manager. However, I want to know your specific expectation, like the exact amount of money you hope to get! Please feel free to share!

- Round 3 (Making concessions - Party A)
  + Excuse me, but may I jump in here? I do appreciate the number you have just offered. However, the number I offer to you not only suits my expectations, but more importantly, it is also relevant to the average wage range of a staff member with the same expertise. I hope the board manager can get the point and consider my request as honestly speaking, I also get another offer from a different company. But I really want to devote myself to our company
  + Thank you very much for your praise! I do know the policy of our company very clearly! As you have just said that the decision of giving an employee a raise is also based on performance, right! I think that the procedure won't get into much trouble as the skills I bring to the table DOES generate a certain amount of profit to our company!
  + After considering many factors and doing some research on the market, I would like to propose a raise of (number), added to my net income. Does it sound fair to you?

- Finishing the negotiation
  + Here are a few phrases to use when you want to end a negotiation
  + It sounds like we've found some common ground
  + I'm willing to work at that rate. Shall we sum up the main points?
  + I'm satisfied with this decision. I am looking forward to my performance review after my probationary period to have further discussions

- Tips
  + List your accomplishments from the past six months, the past year and your time with the company
  + Know what a competitive salary looks like for your position
  + Let your boss know what's in it for them
  + Be confident

- Helpful phrases
  + To politely interrupt, you can use: "Excuse me, but may I jump in here?", "I'm sorry to cut this short but...", or "I'm sorry for the interruption but..."
  + To politely refuse something, you can use: "I'm sorry, but we had to refuse your ...", "As I said, I'm afraid I can't...", or "Thank you very much for ..., but I have decided not to accept ..."
  + To ask for an opinion, you can use: What do you think of...?, "What are your thoughts on...?" or "What's your opinion on ...?"
  + To change the subject you can use: "I'd also like to discuss...", "On a different note", or "This has been a really interesting topic/conversation"