## Topic: How would you feel to know that your colleague does less work but earns more than you?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Hand in one's resignation (verb phrase): nộp đơn xin nghỉ
  + to tell your employer that you are leaving your job
  + Ex: He handed in his resignation the day after he got in a flight with his boss

- Sit right with someone (idiom): khiến ai hài lòng
  + to be something that you argee or are pleased with
  + Ex: Their decision didn't sit well with the Board of Directors

- Unfairness (noun): sự bất bình đẳng
  + the quality or fact of not treating people in an equal way, or of being morally wrong
  + Ex: We must all flight against unfairness and cruelty

- Resort to something (phrasal verb): áp dụng biện pháp cuối
  + to do something that you do not want to do because you cannot find any other way of achieving something
  + Ex: I had to resort to violence to get my money

- Confrontation (noun): tranh luận, cải vã
  + a fight or argument
  + Ex: Some couples seem to like confrontation, but Josh and I hardly ever argue

- Commensurate (adj): tương xứng
  + in a correct and suitable amount compared to something else
  + Ex: A salary that is commensurate with skills and experience - what more can you ask for?

- Workload (noun): khối lượng công việc
  + the amount of work to be done, especially by a particular person or machine in a period of time
  + Ex: Teachers are always complaining about their heavy workloads

- Favoritism (noun): sự thiên vị
  + unfair support shown to one person or group, especially by someone in authority
  + Ex: A parent must be careful not to show favoritism towards any one of their children

- Resolve a situation (verb phrase): giải quyết một tình huống
  + to solve or end a problem or difficulty
  + Ex: How can we try to resolve the situation?

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever felt like your colleagues don't work as hard as you?
  + All the time! Unlike some of my colleague, I always show up at work on time and never slack off
  + I don't know. We work independently so I can't really tell if they work harder or less hard than me

- How would you feel to know that your colleague does less work but earns more than you?
  + Well, that's definitely not going to sit right with me. It is just so unfair!
  + I don't see any issues with it since salary is commensurate with working experience. It's not always about workload

- What would you do about it?
  + I would try to speak to the manager to resolve the situation. I'm not sure if it would work, but it's worth a try, isn't it?
  + I would hand in my resignation right away. The kind of work culture where unfairness exists isn't for me

- Is it a good way to confront him/her about it?
  + I don't want to resort to confrontation. Some will argue that it helps, but I think it only makes matters worse
  + Absolutely not! In most cases, it can lead to conflict or even a toxic work culture

- What do you think is the root cause of this problem?
  + I suspect that it's because of favoritism. He is new here but somehow earns more than most of us!
  + I have no clue. Whatever it is, I hope that my manager will soon resolve it before I decide to quit!