## Topic: Have you ever forgetten the password to one of your social media accounts?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Keep a record (verb phrase): lưu trữ lại (bằng cách viết hay chụp ảnh)
  + if you keep a record of something, you keep a written account or photographs of it so that it can be referred to later
  + Ex: Make sure to keep a record of what he's going to say in the meeting

- Memory like a sieve (idiom): não cá vàng
  + if you have a memory or mind like a sieve, you forget things very easily
  + Ex: Don't blame her - she has a memory like a sieve

- Account (noun): tài khoản
  + an agreement with a company that allows you to use the internet and email, and gives you space on the internet to put your documents
  + Ex: Some people have a specific service in mind, whether it's an account with free Web space or the ability to develop an electronic commerce site online

- Absent-minded (adj): lơ đễnh
  + someone who is absent-minded often forgets things or does not pay attention to what is happening near them because they are thinking about other things
  + Ex: He's a little absent-minded at times

- Attempt (noun): nỗ lực
  + the act of trying to do something, especially something difficult
  + Ex: He made no attempt to be sociable

- Function (noun): tính năng
  + a process that a computer or a computer program uses to complete a task
  + Ex: Something's wrong with the search function

- Instructions (noun): hướng dẫn
  + advice and information about how to do or use something, often written in a book or on the side of a container
  + Ex: The cooking instructions say to bake it for half an hour

- Access (noun): quyền truy cập
  + the right or opportunity to use or look at something
  + Ex: The system has bene designed to give the user quick and easy access to the required information

- Steal one's information (verb phrase): ăn cắp thông tin
  + to take facts about a situation, person, event, etc. without the permission or knowledge of the owner and keep it
  + Ex: Stealing other people's personal information is illegal

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever forgotten the password to one of your social media accounts?
  + Yes, I have. I'm quite absent-minded, so don't be surprised if one day I even forget my own name!
  + No, I have never. It's because I always keep a record of all my passwords in a notebook

- Why did you forget it?
  + It's because I have too many social accounts and each has a different password
  + I have a memory like a sieve. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning

- Did you manage to log in to your media account?
  + After a few attempts, I have finally logged into my Fb account
  + No, I didn't. I had to follow some instructions that were sent to my email in order to regain access to my account

- How can people remember the passwords to their social media accounts?
  + I recommend writing them down on a piece of paper so that you can find them easily
  + You can use the "Auto save" function. It allows the device to "remember" the password for you.

- What are the risks of forgetting the passwords to social media accounts?
  + I don't think it comes with any risks except that you will lose your account
  + Some people say that when you try to reset your password, hackers can take advantage of it to steal your information.