## Topic: Lucky I'm in love with my bestfriend - Have you ever

### 1. Vocabulary
- The apple of one's eye (idiom): người thực sự quan trọng
  + the person who someone loves most
  + Ex: You are truly the apple of my eye

- One's heart skips a beat (idiom): hào hứng, bồn chồn
  + to feel very excited or nervous
  + Ex: When I see you smile, my heart skips a beat

- Have a crush on someone (verb phrase): cảm nắng ai đó
  + to have a feeling of love and admiration for someone
  + Ex: It's unbelievable when I'm having crush on my bestie

- Ruin a friendship (verb phrase): hủy hoại tình bạn
  + to destroy a friendship
  + Ex: I don't want to ruin our friendship

- One-sided love (noun phrase): tình đơn phương
  + a love that only comes from one person
  + Ex: It's hear-broken when you have an one-sided love

- Breakup (noun): cuộc chia tay
  + the end of a relationship
  + Ex: I don't know how to move on after our breakup!

- Conflict-free (adj): không có mâu thuẫn
  + not involving or characterized by serious disagrement or argument
  + Ex: The separation was smooth and conflict-free

- Move on (phrasal verb): bước tiếp, vượt qua điều gì
  + to accept that a situation has changed and be ready to deal with new experiences
  + Ex: Since he and his girlfriend broke up, he's been finding it difficult to move on

- Maintain (verb): duy trì
  + to continue to have; to keep in existence, or not allow to become less
  + Ex: The film has maintained its position as the critics' favorite for another year

### 2. Outline
- How do you know when you love someone?
  + To me, when you think about someone everyday, when you stupidly smile when looking at someone, that person is the apple of your eye
  + If you see someone, and your heart skips a beat. That is love

- Have you ever fallen in love with your best friend?
  + Yes, I have. I am having a huge crush on my best friend. But sadly, I think I have to get out of this one-sided love
  + No, I haven't. I have never imagined it's gonna happen

- How would it be when falling in love with a friend?
  + I think it's gonna be fun because we all have the same interests and hobbies. So our relationship will be conflict-free
  + Well, it sounds strange, especially when two people have "special moments" with each other

- What's good about that?
  + It can save a lot of time because they don't have to spend much time getting to know each other
  + Ex: You can have someone who has exactly the same hobbies as you, which will be much fun

- Do you think after breaking up, the friendship can still be maintained?
  + Well, I think the breakups, it's likely that the couple can't maintain the friendship like before, especially one of them can't move on
  + Yes, I do think that breakups can't ruin friendships. But it has to depend on each case.