## Topic: Which advice do you want to give to your younger self?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be like chalk and cheese (idiom): hoàn toàn trái ngược
  + if two people are like chalk and cheese, they are completely different from each other
  + Ex: My brother and I are like chalk and cheese

- Go places (idiom): trở nên thành công trong tương lai
  + to be likely to be successful in the future
  + Ex: They said that the group was clearly going places

- Appreciate (verb): trân trọng
  + to recognize how good someone or something is and to value him, her, or it
  + Ex: There's no point buying him expensive wines - he doesn't appreciate them

- Determined (adj): kiên định
  + wanting to do something very much and not allowing anyone or any difficulties to stop you
  + Ex: I'm determined to get this piece of work done today

- Constructive (adj): mang tính xây dựng
  + if advice, criticism, or actions are constructive, they are useful and intended to help or improve something
  + Ex: She criticized my writing, but in a way that was very constructive

- Empower (verb): động viên
  + to encourage and support the ability to do something
  + Ex: We want to empower individuals to get the skills they need

- Headstrong (noun): cứng đầu
  + very determined to do what you want without listening to others
  + Ex: She was a headstrong child, always getting into trouble

- Act on one's advice (verb phrase): làm theo lời khuyên
  + to do something because someone has advised you to do it
  + Ex: He acted on my advice and blamed me for it!

- Follow one's passion (verb phrase): theo đuổi đam mê
  + to be actively interested in or give attention to the extreme interest in or wish for doing something, such as a hobby, activity, etc
  + Ex: Let your child follow his passion

### 2. Outline
- How different are you now compared to the past?
  + Well, very different - it is like chalk and cheese, you know. I have changed a lot ever since I graduated!
  + There are many habits that I have quiited. Also, people say that I look too different now with my short hair

- Which advice do you want to give to your younger self?
  + I will advise my younger self to be more determined, mainly in her studies
  + If I had the chance, I would tell my younger self to follow his passion

- Why do you think that piece of advice is useful?
  + That piece of advice is useful because it will help me realize that only hard work pays off in the end
  + It's because it will help empower my younger self to act and go places

- How do you think your younger self will change after following that advice?
  + Needless to say, my younger self will be more satisfied with her choice
  + I don't know, but I do believe that he will be in a better place from where I am now

- Do you think your younger self will appreciate your advice?
  + I doubt that. I was really headstrong back when I was in my teenage years, and I wouldn't act on anyone's advice
  + I'm sure that she will appreciate my constructive advice and become a better version of myself now.