## Topic: What are the benefits of early sex education?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Double-edged sword (idiom): (nghĩa bóng) con dao hai lưỡi
  + something that has both positive and negative effects
  + Ex: Your idea can be a double-edged sword

- Take responsibility for something (verb phrase): chịu trách nhiệm về vấn đề gì
  + it is your job or duty to deal with something
  + Ex: You should take responsibility for your mistakes

- Take something into account (idiom): cân nhắc kỹ lưỡng điều gì
  + to consider something carefully
  + Ex: Before making the final decision please take my advice into account

- Be under someone's guidance (phrase): dưới sự hướng dẫn của ai
  + to have protection of or authority of someone
  + Ex: Under your guidance, my eassy was really successful

- Sex education (noun phrase): giáo dục giới tính
  + lessons at school about sexual reproduction and sexual feelings
  + Ex: Sex education needs to start younger in schools

- Sexual harassment (noun phrase): xâm hại tình dục
  + unwanted or offensive sexual attention, suggestions, or talk
  + Ex: Early sex education can help to reduce sexual harassment among kids

- Sexually transmitted disease (noun phrase): bệnh lây truyền qua đường tình dục
  + an illness that can be passed from one person to another by sexual activity
  + Ex: Using condoms is an effective way to prevent sexually transmitted diseases

- Compulsory (adj): bắt buộc
  + (of something) that must be done; necessary by law or a rule (of something) that must be done; necessary by law or a rule
  + Ex: Math is a complusory subject at school

- Reproducetive health (noun phrase): sức khỏe sinh sản
  + a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being
  + Ex: Reproductive health should be paid much attention to

### 2. Outline
- Do students easilly approach sex education at school in your country?
  + Back to the days I was at school, I didn't have many opportunities to study sex education. And I think it remains the same up to now
  + Honestly, based on my observation sex education is not really popular in my school

- Should schools teach sex education?
  + Yes, I think sex education should be made as a compulsory subject at every school
  + In my opinion, students should study sex education at young age

- What are the benefits of early sex education?
  + Early sex education can help children understand their bodies and more importantly, protect themselves from sexual harrassment
  + If teenagers can approach sex education early, they can learn how avoid sexually transmitted diseases

- Are parents responsible for children's lack of sex education?
  + It is parents' job to fill children's gap in sex education by educating them about their bodies and safe sex
  + Parents do take responsibility for teaching their children about reproductive health. But how to teach the kids? parents should take this matter into account!

- Is it safe for children to self-study sex education on the internet?
  + I think it is a bit risky because children's ability of information selection is quite weak. In this case, the internet is like a double-edged sword
  + The Internet is an open source of information. But children should learn sex education under parents' guidence.