## Topic: How can a person expand his or her knowledge?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Expand one's knowledge (verb phrase): mở mang kiến thức
  + to increase the understanding of or information about a subject that you get by experience or study, either known by one person or by people generally
  + Ex: I have always wanted to expand my wine knowledge

- Broaden one's mind (verb phrase): mở mang đầu óc
  + to make someone understand more and know more about different subjects, ideas, places, etc
  + Ex: I like traveling because it broadens my mind

- Learn something the hard way (idiom): học được điều gì từ sai lầm/ trải nghiệm
  + to discover what you need to know through experience or by making mistakes
  + Ex: I learned the hard way that drugs weren't an answer to my problems

- Pave the way (idiom): làm cho việc gì có khả năng
  + if something paves the way for/to something else, it makes the other thing possible
  + Ex: Her research has paved the way for many others

- Valuable (adj): quý giá
  + worth a lot of money
  + Ex: These antiques are extremely valuable

- Acquire (verb): có được, lĩnh hội
  + to get something
  + Ex: He acquired the company in 2008

- Educated (adj): có học thức
  + having learned a lot at school or university and having a good level of knowledge
  + Ex: She was probably the most highly educated prime minister of this century

- Horizon (noun): khả năng hiểu biết
  + the limit of a person's mental perception, experience, or internet
  + Ex: She decides to leave home in order to broaden her horizons

- Crucial (adj): quan trọng, cần thiết
  + extremely important or necessary
  + Ex: It's a crucial question that needs to be addressed immediately

### 2. Outline
- How can a person expand his or her knowledge?
  + If a person wants to broaden his or her mind, I suggest that he or she should read more books. They are a good source to obtain valuable knowledge
  + I like to listen to podcasts in English. It's an effective method to learn new words; plus, I get to learn some interesting facts about American culture

- What are the advantages of expanding knowledge?
  + One of the main benefits of learning is that you get to acquire a lot of experience, which is helpful for your future jobs
  + If you have a mind full of knowledge about something, people are more likely to respect you. Who doesn't like a highly educated person, right?

- Is the Internet a good source of expanding knowledge?
  + Yes, it is. When it comes to the Internet, the sky's the limit. There are so many things you can do with it besides borowsing social media
  + No, I disagree. Undoubledly, the Internet has got so many things to learn from, yet there is harmful content that you should stay away from as well

- How can parents encourage their children to expand their knowledge?
  + Parents should encourage children to learn something the hard way, that is, learn through the mistakes they make so that they can develop themselves
  + In my opinion, children should be allowed to learn what they want to. Parents should not talk them into learning what they don't like

- In your opinion, is it important to expand one's knowledge?
  + Yes, it is of crucial importance to widen your horizon. Good knowledge will pave the way for many job opportunities in the future
  + Even though I think it's good to have vast knowledge, I don't think it's necesary. To me, knowledge is not as important as health or money.