## Topic: Gap year at 30 - What does it mean?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Gird one's loins (idiom): sẵn sàng cho điều gì
  + to get ready to do something
  + Ex: Europe's finest golfers are girding their lions for the challenge of the Ryder Cup

- Broaden one's horizons (verb phrase): mở mang tầm mắt
  + to increase the range of things that someone knows about or has experienced
  + Ex: Travel can help to broaden your horizons

- Climb up the ladder (idiom): trở nên thành công hơn
  + to become increasingly powerful or successful
  + Ex: I'm an artist at heart, so I have no interest in climbing up the corporate ladder

- Explore exotic places (verb phrase): khám phá những địa điểm kỳ thú
  + to discover the unusual and exiciting places
  + Ex: I really want to explore all of the exotic places in the world

- Stability (noun): sự ổn định
  + a situation in which something is not likely to move or change
  + Ex: We all need some stability in our lives

- Stable income (noun phrase): nguồn thu nhập ổn định
  + firmly fixed earnings
  + Ex: This job offers me a stable income

- Trade off (phrasal verb): đánh đổi
  + exchange something of value, especially as part of a compromise
  + Ex: The government traded off economic advantages for political gains

- Nine-to-five job (noun phrase): công việc làm giờ hành chính từ 9h sáng đến 5h chiều
  + work that begins at nine o'clock in the morning and ends at five o'clock, which are the hours that people work in many offices from Monday to Friday
  + Ex: I used to work nights, but now I have a nine-to-five job

- Pressure (noun): áp lực
  + a difficult situation that makes you feel worried or unhappy
  + Ex: She's got a lot of pressure on her at work just now

### 2. Outline
- What springs into your mind when mentioning the age of 30?
  + I think 30 is a huge milestone in everyone's life. To me, 30 is an age of stability, maturity and responsibility
  + To me, 30 is the age of pressure because people are required to gain certain achievements in life, whether it's big or small. For example, many people want to own a house or be a boss at the age of 30!

- Is that a good time to restart your life?
  + It's always the right time to restart our lives. I think the question we should answer is whether we have courage to change or not
  + I don't think so! Let's face the fact! We're living in a world full of pressure. So if we restart our lives at the age of 30, is it too late?

- What does it mean by "gap year at 30"?
  + This is a new definition, to me! I think it means we give up everything, such as our job, to find new interests and explore what we really want!
  + I think that's a time when we slow down a bit, refresh ourselves and be ready for a new chapter of our lives!

- What can we do if we take a gap year at the age of 30?
  + I think it's the perfect time for us to go travelling and explore exotic places to broaden our horizons. This would be a great opportunity for us to grind our loins for future plans
  + I think when we take a gap year at the age of 30, we praticipate in some community activities or make some influence or inspiration to the society!

- What do we have to trade off if we take a gap year at the age of 30?
  + We have to give up our stable monthly income, because taking a gap year at this age means quitting your nine-to-five job
  + There are a lot of things we need to trade-off! You have to give up the opportunities to climb up the ladder at work.