## Topic: I'm full already! Just eat it - The sweetest lie from Mom!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Take something/someone for granted (idiom): không coi trọng ai/ điều gì do nghĩ họ/ điều đó sẽ luôn ở đó
  + to never think about something/someone because you believe it/they will always be available or stay exactly the same
  + Ex: It's easy to take your parents for granted

- Bring back memories (verb phrase): gợi nhắc lại kỉ niệm
  + to remind someone of what happended in the past
  + Ex: This song brings back a lot of memories

- Deep down (idiom): tận sâu trong lòng
  + from the bottom of one's heart
  + Ex: Deep down, I know my father really cares about my studies

- Live far from home (verb phrase): sống xa nhà
  + to live without having family by your side
  + Ex: I've been living far from home for 5 years

- Lie (noun): lời nối dối
  + something you say that you know is not true
  + Ex: I told a lie when I said I liked her haircut

- Hardly (adv): hầu như không
  + only just, almost not
  + Ex: I could hardly hear her at the back

- Limited (adj): hữu hạn
  + small in amount, number, or degree
  + Ex: The selection of jobs on offer is fairly limited

- Priority (noun): ưu tiên
  + something that is very important and must be dealt with before other things
  + Ex: Repairing the plumbing is a priority task

- Childhood (noun): tuổi thơ
  + the time when someone is a child
  + Ex: Childhood is not always happy time

### 2. Outline
- What is the sweatest and most touching lie of your Mommy?
  + She always tells me that she's still fine without my help. But deep down, I do know that she misses me a lot. FYI, I am an only child and I live far from home
  + Whenever my mom has any health problems, she always says that she's still OK!

- "I'm full already! Just eat it" - Does it sound famillar?
  + Yeah! She always tells me that when I take her to a restaurant
  + When I was a kid, my mom used to say that a lot. This brings back lots of childhood memories

- Why does Mommy always "lie" to us?
  + Because she doesn't want us to be worried! Mommy is always like that!
  + Because she just wants to save the best for us! For example, when she says she's full, she wants us to eat more!

- How long haven't you had a meal with her?
  + I have to say that it's been a long time because I live far from home. I really miss her! I really miss my family
  + I live with my family, but I hardly have meals with them. THe last time I had a meal with my mom was one or two weeks ago

- It's easy to take our family for granted - Do you agree?
  + I think it's true because we always think that family will stay with us forever. But in fact, their time is limited and they have their own lives, too
  + I don't think that everyone can take their family for granted because to some people, family is always their priority.