## Topic: How long haven't you gone on a trip with your parents?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Take someone on a trip (verb phrase): đưa ai đó đi du lịch
  + to take someone to somewhere for vacation
  + Ex: I want to take my parents on a trip to Thailand

- Fulfill filial piety (verb phrase): làm tròn chữ hiếu
  + to respect and be obedient to your parents to make them pleased
  + Ex: It's my duty to fulfill filial piety

- The other half (idiom): nửa kia, người yêu, vợ chồng
  + your partner, husband, wife
  + Ex: You'll find the other half one day! Don't worry

- Deep down (idiom): tận đáy lòng
  + felt strongly and often hidden from other people
  + Ex: Deep down, I know you love me really

- Solo travelling (noun phrase): du lịch một mình
  + an act of traveling alone
  + Ex: I have never tried solo traveling

- Sacrifice (verb): hy sinh
  + to give up something that is valuable to you in order to help another person
  + Ex: Many women sacrifice interesting careers for their families

- Save up (phrasal verb): tiết kiệm
  + to keep money so that you can buy something with it in the future
  + Ex: It took me months to save up enough money to go traveling

- Touched (adj): cảm động
  + grateful for something kind that someone has done
  + Ex: I was very touched by all the cards my friends sent me when I was in hospital

- Judge (verb): đánh giá
  + to form, give, or have as an opinion
  + Ex: It's difficult to judge whether the new system really is an improvement

### 2. Outline
- When was the last time you went on a trip with your parents?
  + I have to say that it was a long time ago when I was a little kid. I actually prefer solo traveling
  + It was last year. I took them and my little sister to a small island in the northern part of our country

- Where do you want to take them on a trip?
  + I've always wanted to take them to Taiwan. I am actually saving up to take my whole family on a trip to Taipei
  + There is a name in my head right now, which is Da Lat. I've been there several times, but with my friends, not with my family

- Could you tell my why?
  + Because there was one time I saw my mom watching some videos about Taiwan. And she seemed to enjoy this place a lot
  + Because that was the place where my parents first met! I want to be there, listen to their love story and who knows, maybe I will find the other half!

- What is the first thing your parents say when you tell them that you will take them on a trip?
  + The first thing they will ask for sure is: "How much is it?". I don't want them to care much about money anymore because they've sacrificed a lot for me
  + Does it cost a lot? and "No, I don't want to go" are what they're gonna say. But I know deep down, they are really touched and happy

- If you don't do it, does it mean you are a bad kid?
  + No! No! No! You can't judge whether a person is a good kid or not based on such things like this!
  + Absolutely not! There are A LOT OF other ways for us to fulfill our filiar piety