## Topic: What are the challenges of self-employment?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Upgrade one's skill (verb phrase): nâng cao kỹ năng
  + to improve the quality or usefulness of an ability to do an activity or job well, especially because you have practiced it, or change it for something newer or of a better standard
  + Ex: Will Bill demand a raise after I have paid to upgrade his skills?

- There's no saying (idiom): không thể biết trước chuyện gì sẽ xảy ra
  + it is not possible to know what will happen
  + Ex: She's very unpredictable, so there's no saying how she'll react to the news

- Self-employment (noun): tự làm chủ
  + the state of not working for an employer but finding work for yourself or having your own business
  + Ex: Many people like the flexibility of self-employment

- Challenge (noun): thử thách
  + something that needs great mental or physical effort in order to be done succesfully and therefore tests a person's ability
  + Ex: Finding a solution to this problem is one of the greatest challenges faced by scientists today

- Reward (noun): phần thưởng, sự báo đáp
  + something is given in exchange for good behavior or good work, etc
  + Ex: The rewards of motherhood outweigh the anguish

- Control (noun): sự kiểm soát
  + the act of controlling something or someone, or the power to do this
  + Ex: She doesn't have any control over that child - it's embarrassing

- Fund (noun): quỹ
  + an amount of money saved, collected, or provided for a particular purpose
  + Ex: The hospital has set up a special fund to buy new equipment

- Research (noun): nghiên cứu
  + a detailed study of a subject, especially in order to discover (new) information or reach a (new) understanding
  + Ex: They are carrying out some fascinating research into the language of dolphins

- Increase earning potential (verb phrase): tăng khả năng thu nhập
  + to make the ability to earn money become larger in amount
  + Ex: What are some good ways to increase earning potential?

### 2. Outline
- Do you want to be self-employed?
  + That's a good idea, but I like to work with others more than on my own
  + Yes, I do, but not for now. There are plenty of things I have to prepare first

- Why do you want to be self-employed?
  + Self-employment gives you more control over who you can work with and where to work
  + I have always wanted to be self-employed because it helps increase earning potential

- What are the challenges of self-employment?
  + There are several challenges you have to face, from having to work for longer hourse to finding the funds to get started
  + One of the greatest challenges is that there's no saying how much you can earn per month

- What are the rewards of self-employment?
  + What I love the most about self-employment is that you can easily balance your work and personal life
  + Working for yourself brings many rewards, like being able to upgrade your skills

- What does one have to prepare for self-employment?
  + To prepare for self-employment, you need to be aware of its rewards as well as its challenges
  + You will have to do your research carefully. If possible, seek advice from the professionals