## Topic: [BIZ ENG] What to do when you are underpaid?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Based on my current duties and what I've contributed, my current salary is a little bit below the average wage: Dựa vào trách nhiệm, những gì tôi đóng góp, mức lương hiện tại của tôi có vẻ như đang dưới mức lương trung bình
  + Based on my current duties and what I've contributed, my current salary is a little below the average wage in comparison with the one of the same position

- From my research, X% is a reasonable increase and suitable with what I've contributed (sentence): theo tìm hiểu, tôi nghĩ x% thêm vào lương sẽ phù hợp với những gì tôi cống hiến

- In comparison with someone/something (phrase): so sánh với điều gì đó/ ai đó
  + when compared with someone/something
  + Ex: Computer-based communication is extremely fast in comparison with telephone or postal services

- Adjust the workload (verb phrase): điều chỉnh khối lượng công việc
  + to change the amount of work in order to make it suitable
  + Ex: I need to ask my leader to adjust my workload

- Take something into account (idiom): cân nhắc điều gì
  + to consider something very carefully
  + Ex: Before making any decision, please take my advice into account

- Underpaid (adj): được trả lương thấp hơn những gì đáng nhẽ phải được nhận
  + paid too litle for the work you do
  + Ex: Medical staff claimed that they were underpaid

- Lucrative (adj): hậu hĩnh
  + (especially of a business, job, or activity) producing a lot of money
  + Ex: Web developer is a lucrative job

- Minimum wage (noun phrase): mức lương tối thiểu
  + the lowest remuneration that employers can legally pay their employees
  + Ex: The minimum wage of a job can vary over time

- Raise (noun): tiền lương được tăng
  + an increase in the amount that you are paid for the work you do
  + Ex: SHe asked the boss for a raise

### 2. Outline
- Are you satisfied with your current salary?
  + I am actually not! I think my contribution deserves better compensation. However, before asking for a raise, I need to have something to prove my ability
  + No! In comparison with some people at the same age, the job I am currently having is quite lucrative

- What makes you think you are underpaid?
  + When my hard work isn't paid off, financially of course, that means I am underpaid
  + It's really hard to tell without any research and comparison. But you really need to take many factors into account, such as your workload and the minimum wage

- When you feel like you're underpaid, what should you do?
  + After doing a careful comparison. I'll discuss this problem with my boss
  + Of course, I have to compare carefully. Then I'll ask my boss for a meeting: "Would it be alright if we spent some time discussing my salary in a short meeting this afternoon"

- What reason would you use?
  + Based on my current duties and what I've contributed, together with some of my market research, my current salary is a little bit below the average wage of the same employee in other companies
  + According to my observation and some research of other companies in the same segment an us, an employee with the same experience is paid $XXX per month. However, I feel like I am a bit underpaid, especially when my scopy of work involves many other tasks

- How do you suggest a raise?
  + From my research, X% is a reasonable increase and suitable with what I've contributed
  + I think an increase X% might be suitable with my current experience and duties

- Do you have any tips for such cases like this?
  + When it comes to salary, we need to be well prepared! Do research before giving any complains and suggesting any number
  + Some people might think when negotiating stuff like this, a higher salary is the most important. However, you can consider adjusting the workload in order to match with your salary

