## Topic: How can you say "no" without hurting other people?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Offer an invitation (verb phrase)
  + to provide the act of inviting someone to go to an event
  + Ex: As his train lurched into a station, he was known to offer an invitation over the intercom: "Hey, you need a lift"?

- Seize on an excuse (verb phrase)
  + to use, accept, or take advantage of a reason that you give to explain why you did something wrong quickly or enthusiastically
  + Ex: He's the type of people who always seizes on excuses to be forgiven

- On the spot (idiom)
  + at that moment or place
  + Ex: He was arrested on the spot

- Hurt one's feelings (idiom)
  + to upset someone by criticizing them or by refusing something that they have offered you
  + Ex: The truth will hurt my daughter's feelings, but I have no other choices

- Express (verb)
  + to show a feeling, opinion, or fact
  + Ex: Her eyes expressed deep sadness

- Uncomfortable (adj)
  + slightly embarrassed, or making you feel sightly embarrassed
  + Ex: There was an uncomfortable silence after his speech

- Succinct (adj)
  + said in a clear and short way; expressing what needs to be said without
  + Ex: Keep your letter succinct and to the point

- Sincere (adj)
  + (of a person, feelings, or behavior) not pretending or lying; honest
  + Ex: He seems so sincere

- Perceive (verb)
  + to come to an opinion about something, or have a belieft about something
  + Ex: How do the French perceive the British?

### 2. Outline
- Do you often say "no"?
  + Yes, I do. I mean, it's a very common word, and everyone uses it to express that they don't want or like something
  + No, I don't, especially when someone invites me out. I just feel like it's a rude thing to do

- In which situations do you say "no"?
  + There are many examples I can think of, such as when my colleague offers me an invitation to his party
  + I usually say no when I'm in an uncomfortable situation. To illustrate, my boss once asked me to work extra hours, and I refused on the spot.

- How can you say "no" without hurting other people?
  + Just be succinct and to the point, and I'm sure that they will understand
  + I would explain to them the reason that I said no. Of course, it should be as sincere as possible

- In your opinion, why do people find it difficult to say "no"?
  + They are afraid of hurting other people's feelings, especially if those are their loved ones
  + I guess it's because they don't want to be perceived as rude or ill-mannered

- What are some alternatives to saying "no" you can think of?
  + If possible, try to seize on an excuse. It will not only help us reduce feelings of guilt but also less likely to hurt others
  + I have no clue. Saying sorry is already difficult, so don't talk to me about its alternatives