## Topic: What do you think is the best fast food restaurant in Vietnam?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Win people's heart (verb phrase): được mọi người yêu quý
  + to gain the love, affection, or admiration of someone
  + Ex: The rising star has already won the hearts of fans across the country, as her career continues its meteoric rise

- Pay attention to something or someone (verb phrase): chú tâm đến cái gì đó hoặc ai đó
  + to watch, listen to, or think about something or someone carefully or with interest
  + Ex: He wasn't paying attention to the safety instructions

- Out of this world (idiom): tuyệt vời, xuất chúng
  + extremely good
  + Ex: What a restaurant! The food was out of this world!

- Have the ghost of a chance (idiom): không có cơ hội
  + to have no chance at all
  + Ex: I didn't think I had the ghost of a chance of passing the exam, but I did

- Appealing (adj): hấp dẫn
  + attractive
  + Ex: She has an appealing sense of humor

- Nutritious (adj): bổ dưỡng
  + contaning many of the substances needed for life and growth
  + Ex: Raw spinach is especially nutritious

- Affordable (adj): phải chăng
  + not expensive
  + Ex: There's very little affordable housing around here

- Flop (verb): thất bại, ế ẩm
  + if a book, play, film, etc. flops, it is not successful
  + Ex: Her first book flopped, but her second became a bestseller

- Convenience (noun): sự thuận lợi
  + the state of being convenient
  + Ex: I like the convenience of living close to work

### 2. Outline
- Do you like fast food?
  + Yes, who doesn't? Fast food is appealing not only because of its taste but also its colorful look! I can't help craving it!
  + No, I don't. Fast food is not good for our health, they are often high in calories yet offer little or no nutritional value

- What do you think is the best fast food restaurant in Vietnam?
  + For me, KFC is out of this world in terms of food quality and space, that's why it is by far the most frequently visited fast food restaurant chain in Vietnam
  + I always opt for Jollibee when it comes to fast food because they offer excellent food quality with the most affordable price for Vietnamese people

- Do you know any fast food chain that fails in Vietnam?
  + McDonald's seems to flop in Vietnam. I think it is because of the chain's late entry. It was not until 2014 that McDonald had its first store in Vietnam
  + Subway is falling in Vietnam! It is obvious that Vietnamese people already have the most iconic "banh mi" so the brand doesn't have the ghost of a chance

- What makes a good fast food restaurant?
  + A fast food restaurant should operate as it's called. Customers going to fast food store are looking for speed, convenience and affordability rather than a dining experience
  + Personally, a good fast food store is the one that pays much attention to their customer service and customer's behavior. You should know people's minds to win people's hearts

- Should we eat fast food regularly?
  + No, you should not. Eating junk food on a regularly basis can lead to an increased risk of obesity and chronic diseases like diabetes and cancers
  + I know that it is not suggested to eat fast food everyday. However, I think it's completely fine if we consume a small amount of it beside our nutritious main dishes.