## Topic: Do fake review help promote a brand's image for products?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Fake review (noun): đánh giá giả
  + a review written by someone who has not actually used the product or service. They can be written by friends, family, or employees of the company. Fake reviews are also generated by bots and companies who pay individuals to write draudulent reviews
  + Ex: I'm sure half of those are fake reviews

- Promote one's image (verb phrase): quảng bá hình ảnh
  + to advertise the reputation that a person, organization, product, etc. has, including the characteristics appearance, etc. that they are known for
  + Ex: I use Facebook to promote my personal image

- Expose (verb): vạch trần
  + to make public something bad or dishonest
  + Ex: It's about time we exposed his bad deeds

- Genuine (adj): chân thật
  + if people or emotions are genuine, they are honest and sincere
  + Ex: He's one genuine guy who never tells a lie

- Damage (verb): hủy hoại
  + to harm or spoil something
  + Ex: Most of the building has been damaged terribly

- False advertising (noun): quảng cáo sai sự thật
  + the crime or tort of publishing, broadcasting, or otherwise publicly distributing an advertisement that contains an untrue, misleading, or deceptive representation or statement which was made knowingly or recklessly and with the intent to promote the sale of property, goods, or services to the public
  + Ex: What are the effects of false advertising on consumers?

- Maintain one's reputation (verb phrase): gìn giữ danh tiếng của ai
  + to keep the opinion that people in general have about someone or something, or how much respect or admiration someone or something receives, based on past behavior or character in existence
  + Ex: It is not easy for celebrities to maintain their reputation

- Call into question (idiom): đặt lên nghi vấn
  + to cause doubts about something
  + Ex: THe fact that a party can be voted into power by a minority of the electorate calls into question the country's electoral system

### 2. Outline
- Why do people often and read reviews before buying a product?
  + It's because they can find out whether a product suits their need or not
  + Most people read reviews in order to hear from those who have used the product and whether they are satisfied

- Do you think some of those reviews are fake?
  + I think so. Some reviews are genuine but some call into question since they look as if they were written by bots!
  + I believe there are some fake reviews, yet I can't really tell the differences between a fake review and a genuine one

- Do fake reviews help promote a brand's image or products?
  + Yes, paid reviews are said to help boost the sales of products in a very short time
  + No, they don't. When exposed, these fake reviews are concrete evidence which can make a business face legal actions

- What will happen to a brand when customers find out that they write fake reviews?
  + If customers find out the reviews of a brand are not genuine, the credibility of that brand will be heavily damaged
  + In most cases, when a business is exposed for posting fake reviews, the founder will apologize to maintain their reputation

- What are the impacts of fake reviews on customers?
  + Fake reviews is a form a false advertising, which encourages consumers to waste money on defective products.
  + It is claimed that fake reviews have changed consumer purchase trends, which results in their unwillingness of buying desired products.