## Topic: Tsunami. You will never know how terrifying it is until you see one

### 1. Vocabulary
- Leave something in ruins (idiom): tàn phá thứ gì đó
  + to completely destroy or wreck something; to cause something to be in a state of ruin
  + Ex: Wow, the hurriance really left this city in ruins

- A seris of something (phrase): một chuỗi
  + a number of similar or related events or things, one following another
  + Ex: A series of scandals over the past year has not helped public confidence in the administration

- Natural phenomenon (noun phrase): hiện tượng tự nhiên
  + observable event which is not man-made
  + Ex: Natural phenomena are those that occur or manifest without human input

- Footage (noun): đoạn phim
  + (a piece of) film especially one showing an event
  + Ex: Woody Allen's movie "Zelig" contains early newsreel footage

- Horizon (noun): đường chân trời
  + the line at the farthest place that you can see, where the sky seems to touch the land or sea
  + Ex: The moon rose slowly above the horizon

- Seabed (noun): đáy biển
  + the solid surface of the earth that lies under the ocean
  + Ex: THe ship has been lying on the seabed for more than 50 years

- Seismic activity (noun phrase): hoạt động địa chấn
  + the types, frequency and size of earthquakes that happen over a period of time in a certain area
  + Ex: If an area's seismic activity - the type, size and frequency of earthquakes that occur in a given area over a specified period of time - is high, it is important that reliable seismic hazard assessment is done

- Eruption (noun): sự phun trào
  + an occasion when a volcano explodes and flames and rocks come out of it; (of a volcano) the act of doing this
  + Ex: Around the year 600, the eruption of a nearby volcano buried Ceren's buildings

- Destructive (adj): có tính hủy diệt
  + causing, or able to cause, damage
  + Ex: I worry about the destructive effect that violent films may have on children

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever seen a tsunami before?
  + Yes, but in movies actually. I've never seen one with my naked eyes
  + I've only seen it in movies and some footage of tsunami impacts on the internet

- What causes tsunami?
  + Tsunamis are caused by violent seafloor movement associated with earthquakes beneath the seabed, volcanic eruptions, lava entering the sea, seamount collapse, or meteorite impact. The most common cause, I think, is earthquakes
  + Tsunamis are natural phenomena that occur as a result of seismic activity, such as undersea earthquakes

- If you are on the beach, how on you know if there is a tsunami coming?
  + As a tsunami approaches the coastlines, you can notice the water suddenly becomes shallower
  + I'm not sure. If you suddenly see something that lookes like mountains on the horizon, you should run immediately. Those are not mountains, those are waves and they are coming to destroy

- How do tsunamis affect humans?
  + Tsunamis are absolutely destructive. They can wipe out human lives and resources just in a blink of an eye
  + Tsunamis often leave everything in ruins on other way, while there is little time for warning. In addition to loss of life and mass injuries, other potential impacts include damage to and destruction of homes and businesses, or crops

- Is there any way to forecast tsunami strikes?
  + I think maybe there isn't. It's nearly impossible to predict a tsunami
  + You know, tsunamis are created by earthquakes, right? So if there are earthquakes in the ocean, it is likely to be followed by tsunamis.