## Topic: Have you ever had to take a side during an argument?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Take one's side (verb phrase): theo phe ai
  + to support someone in an argument
  + Ex: My mother always takes my father's side when I argue with him

- Add fuel to fire (idiom): châm dầu vào lửa
  + to make an argument or bad situation worse
  + Ex: The discovery that the government was aware of the cover-up has really added fuel to the fire

- Involve (verb): bao gồm sự tham gia của ai
  + to include someone in something, or to make them take part in or feel part of it
  + Ex: I prefer teaching methods that actively involve students in learning

- Judge (noun): người phán quyết (rằng ai đúng ai sai)
  + a person who has the knowledge to give an opinion about something or is able to decide if someone or something is good or bad
  + Ex: She's such a bad judge of character

- Reasonable (adj): hợp lý
  + based on or using good judgment and therefore fair and practical
  + Ex: If you tell him what happened, I'm sure he'll understand - he's a reasonable man

- Consideration (noun): sự cân nhắc
  + the act of thinking about something carefully
  + Ex: The whole matter needs careful consideration

- Neutral (adj): trung lập
  + not saying or doing anything that would encourage or help any of the groups involved in an argument or war
  + Ex: If there's an argument between my daughter and her mother, it's important that I remain neutral

- Settle an argument (verb phrase): giải quyết một cuộc tranh cãi
  + to solve a disagreement, or the process of disagreeing
  + Ex: It took months to settle the argument between the parents

- In the wrong (idiom): chịu trách nhiệm cho việc gì sai
  + responsible for something bad
  + Ex: We had a green light, so she was clearly in the wrong

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever had to take a side during an argument?
  + Yes, I have. It was when my two best friends got into a flight and one of them asked me to side with him
  + Taking sides in an argument is like addling fuel to fire, which is why I have never done it

- Who or what made you do that?
  + It was one of my friends who was involved in the argument. He asked me to be the judge, saying who was wrong
  + Well, it was me. At that moment, I felt like my brother wasn't being reasonable, so I decided to speak up for my sister

- Which side did you decide to take?
  + My dad was clearly in the wrong, so I decided to take mom's side and gave her my support
  + After careful consideration, I came to the conclusion that it is better to stay neutral

- Is it a good idea to stay neutral during an argument?
  + Yes, it is, especially when those involved are all close to you. Taking sides will only make it worse
  + It's not a great idea, in my opinion. If you are not careful, you will be involved in the argument as well!

- What's a good way to settle an argument without having to take sides?
  + I have no idea. Unless they are willing to talk things through, I think it's really difficult to settle an argument
  + If it were me, I would ask them to listen to each other's point, seeing if there's anything they can both argree on.