## Topic: What are some best ways to deal with gossipmongers?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Disturb one's privacy (verb phrase): làm phiền sự riêng tư của ai
  + to interrupt someone's right to keep their personal matters and relationships secret
  + Ex: When he studies, he does like anyone to disturb his privacy

- Spell trouble (verb phrase): gây rắc rối
  + to cause something bad to happen in the future
  + Ex: The children will spell trouble again if you don't keep an eye on them

- Mind one's own business (idiom): nhắc nhở ai nên lo chuyện của mình thay vì lo chuyện người khác
  + used to tell someone in a rude way that you do not want them to ask about something private
  + Ex: Mind your own business! This has nothing to do with you

- Put something to bed (idiom): thành công trong việc đương đầu hoặc giải quyết vấn đề gì
  + to successfully deal with something or solve a problem
  + Ex: She finally puts her financial problems to bed

- Gossip (idiom): cuộc trò chuyện, những lời tán gẫu, nói xấu
  + conversation or reports about other people's private lives that might be unkind, disapproving, or not true
  + Ex: Her letter was full of gossip

- Curiosity (noun): sự tò mò
  + an eager wish to know or learn about something
  + Ex: I'm burning with curiosity - you must tell me who won!

- Bonding (noun): sự gắn kết
  + the process by which a close emotional relationship is developed
  + Ex: Much of the bonding between mother and child takes place in those early weeks

- Response (noun): phản hồi
  + an answer or reaction
  + Ex: Responses to our advertisement have been disappointing

- Reputation (noun): danh tiếng
  + the opinion that people in general have about someone or something, or how much respect or admiration someone or something receives, based on past behavior or character
  + Ex: The company has a worldwide reputation for quality

### 2. Outline
- How do you feel when someone gossips about you?
  + I don't care much about the gossip because it comes and goes. However, if someone's trying to start a rumor about me, I definitely won't remain silent
  + That depends on what they say and how much they they disturb my privacy. If it's just some random things like what I wear, I'll just pretend that nothing happens

- What will you do with gossipmongers?
  + I'll tell them to mind their own business instead of talking behind my back. Don't they have a job or something more important to do?
  + Assuming that it's someone I barely know, I'll just let it go. People love gossiping, and sometimes they do that out of curiosity, so I'm not mad at all

- Why do they like to gossip about others?
  + I've read somewhere that gossips makes people feel less lonely, and it's a good way to facilitate bonding and closeness
  + Sometimes, people gossip just because they want to feel belonged, and this is especially true when they are in the workplace

- What problems can gossip cause?
  + It can be the cause of several mental issues, such as stress and anxiety. People can really kill others with their words, you know
  + When you spend your time constantly gossiping, you'll find that the friends you attract tend to be indifferent towards other people's feelings

- What are some best ways to deal with gossipmongers?
  + Well, let them say whatever they want. Those who spell trouble will receive instant karma soon, and they will deeply regret what they have done
  + If you want to put gossip to bed, it's best to remain calm and take your time to find the best response. Don't overreact; otherwise, it will wrech your reputation.