## Topic: What are some good ways to overcome a failure?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Overcome one's failure (verb phrase): vượt qua thất bại của bạn thân
  + to succeed in dealing with the fact of someone not succeeding
  + Ex: It took me quite a time until I overcame my failure

- Field a result (verb phrase): đạt được một kết quả
  + to produce a good or pleasing effect
  + Ex:  Our hard work has finally yielded positive results

- Be in a funk (idiom): buồn và vô vọng
  + to be very unhappy and without hope
  + Ex: He's in the funk because his girlfriend has just broken up with him

- Go wrong (idiom): trở nên tệ hại
  + to pause before you do or say something, often because you are uncertain or nervous about it
  + Ex: Why did you hesitate to call her?

- Pessimistic (adj): bi quan
  + thinking that bad things are more likely to happen or emphasizing the bad part of a situation
  + Ex: Don't be so pessimistic! It's just a B!

- Resilient (adj): có khả năng phục hồi nhanh chóng
  + able to be happy, successful, etc. again after something difficult or bad has happened
  + Ex: She's a resilient girl - she won't be unhappy for long

- Motivate (verb): thúc đẩy
  + to make someone want to do something
  + Ex: She motivated me to take a swimming lesson

- Screw something up (phrasal verb): phá hỏng hoặc thất bại trong việc gì
  + to do very badly
  + Ex: Why do you keep screwing up everything Jane?

### 2. Outline
- What are some good ways to overcome a failure?
  + In order to overcome past failures, we should hold optimistic views no matter how things went wrong. Things will always get better at the end of the day
  + Some people try to run away from past failures without knowing that they could be valuable experiences that help them succeed in the future

- Why are some people unwilling to try again after having failed?
  + Most people are in a funk and hesitate to take another stab for fear of ending in failure like previous times
  + I suppose that they don't want to waste their effort on something that seems to yield no results. Instead, they can invest in something else that is more promising

- Is it true that some people fail just because they have bad luck?
  + Some people claim that their failures are attributable to bad luch. Nonetheless, failures are caused either by your recklessness or inability to do something
  + I agree that having bad luck can lead to failure in some cases. In order to achieve a goal, sometimes you have to be in the right place at the right time

- How can a failure affect our mental health?
  + Suffering from failures will make a person become hopeless, even to the extent that they will have depression and anxiety
  + People who have failed too many times are likely to feel emotional drained. They also appear to be pessimistic about the future despite receiving encouragement from others.

- Can failures be beneficial?
  + Failures provide us with valuable life lessons. When looking back at those lessons, I'm certain that we will not make the same mistake again
  + Yes, they can be. They help us remain resilient even in the most difficult times. They also motivate us to work harder to achieve desired results.