## Topic: Why do people have a very strong bond with their hometown

### 1. Vocabulary
- Strengthen a bond (verb phrase): gắn kết
  + to make a close connection by joining two or more people stronger
  + Ex: It's important to strengthen the bond between family members

- Down one's way (idiom): tại nơi ở của ai đó
  + in the place where someone lives
  + Ex: Down my way, people will help you without asking anything in return

- Reconnect with someone (verb phrase): hâm nóng tình cảm
  + to improve a relationship that has become less good or less close
  + Ex: As much as I want to reconnect with my old friends, I don't think it's a good idea

- Reminiscent (adj): gợi lại
  + making you remember a particular person, event, or thing
  + Ex: That song is so reminiscent of my adolescence

- Soothing (adj): làm cho nhẹ nhõm
  + making you feel calm
  + Ex: I put on some nice soothing music

- Facilities (noun): cơ sở vật chất
  + the buildings, equipment, and services provided for a particular purpose
  + Ex: There are many shopping facilities around here

- Frustrate (verb): gây khó chịu, gây nản
  + to make someone feel annoyed or less confident because they cannot achieve what they want
  + Ex: It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice

- Condition (noun): điều kiện
  + the particular state that something or someone is in
  + Ex: Mum's still got our pram - it's very old, but it's in perfect condition

- Standard (noun): tiêu chuẩn
  + a level of quality
  + Ex: This essay is not of an acceptable standard - do it again

### 2. Outline
- Why do people have a very strong bond with their hometown?
  + I think it's because the hometown is reminiscent of their childhood, the time filled with the most beautiful memories of our lives
  + I believe that people have  a strong bond with their hometown because that í the place where they were given birth to

- What advantages do people get when living in their hometown?
  + I find the atmosphere in my hometown very soothing, as there are very few people. There are no traffic jams, too, which is great
  + It is said that crime rates in the countryside are usually low, which is safe for people. Another benefit is that pollution issues are not severe there

- What disadvantages do people face when living in their hometown?
  + It's the outdated facilities that bother me, In addition, you can't find many shops or supermarkets, which is an inconvenience
  + Down my way, power cuts occur quite often. Other issues like insufficient water supply also happen, and it frustrates me when I was little

- Why are people leaving their hometown to settle in big cities?
  + Nowadays, many people are moving to big cities with a view to looking for a better job. There aren't many opportunities in the countryside, I'm afraid
  + Many people living in the rural areas are not happy with the poor living conditions, so they decide to move to big cities where the living standards are better

- How can people strengthen the bond between them and their hometown?
  + During the holidays or any special occasion, they should come back to their hometown and reconnect with their old friends to strengthen the bond
  + I don't think there's a way to do it. Most people that left their hometown never show up again years later, and it's a bit sad.