## Topic: How would you define 'an interesting job' ?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Go the extra mile (idiom): nỗ lực ngoài mong đợi
  + to make more effort than is expected of you
  + Ex: He's a nice guy, always ready to go the extra mile for his friends

- Put one's thinking cap on (idiom): thật sự suy nghĩ về vấn đề gì đó
  + to think seriously about something
  + Ex: I need some interesting suggestions so if you can put your thinking cap on I'd be grateful

- Earn a large salary (verb phrase): kiếm được nhiều tiền, lương cao
  + to receive a big sum of money as payment for work that you do
  + Ex: After all the work I've done, I've earned a large salary of 20,000,000 VND

- Increase one's productivity (verb phrase): tăng hiệu suất làm việc
  + to improve the rate at which a person, company, or country does useful work
  + Ex: A pleasant working environemnt increases productivity

- Passion (noun): đam mê
  + a very powerful feeling, for example of sexual attraction, love, hate, anger, or other emotion
  + Ex: At school, his early interest in music developed into an abiding passion

- Challenging (adj): thách thức
  + difficult, in a way that tests your ability or determination
  + Ex: This has been a challenging time for us all

- Enjoyable (adj): tạo cảm giác thích thú
  + making you feel happy
  + Ex: THe kids had an enjoyable time at the movies

- Adapt (verb): thích nghi
  + to change your ideas or behavior to make them suitable for a new situation
  + Ex: The good thing about children is that they adapt very easily to new environments

- Creativity (noun): sự sáng tạo
  + the ability to produce or use original and unusual ideas
  + Ex: Too many rules might deaden creativity

### 2. Outline
- Are you a worker or a student ?
  + Currently, I am an eighteen student studying at Hanoi University in Viet Nam, majoring in business studies
  + I graduated a few years ago and I'm now in full-time employment. I'm currently an English teacher working for the British Council in HCM City

- What is your dream job?
  + My dream career in the future is to be a math teacher. I love formulas, equations, and number solving. As a kid, I was a little girl with a passion for numbers
  + Becoming a lawyer in my biggest dream. I have thought about many different jobs, and finally, I choose a lawyer as my target in the future

- How would you define 'an interesting job'?
  + An interesting job for me should be something that is challenging and makes me put my thinking cap on and brings creativity out of me
  + For me, an interesting job is one that is enjoyable because it makes you feel interested, not one in which you earn a large salary

- Is it easy to find such an interesting job?
  + Yes, it is. Nowadays, people can land a job just by a click! Besides, there are also detailed job descriptions for you to decide which one is interesting
  + It depends. For people who are easily adapted to a new working environment, there are plenty of interesting jobs out there, but it's rate for those who are picky

- Would you prefer an interesting job with low pay or a boring job with a high salary?
  + I would prefer a boring job with a high salary because I can spend my money without thinking, and my family can live a better life as well
  + I'll go with an interesting one. If I'm satisfied with what I'm doing, I will increase my productivity and go the extra mile and have more chances to get promotions