## Topic: Do you know the meaning of the International Labor Day?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Public holiday (noun phrase): ngày nghỉ lễ
  + a day when most people do not go to work or school, especially because of a religious or national celebration
  + The day was declared as a public holiday from noon

- Day off (noun phrase): Ngày nghỉ
  + a day when you do not have to work or do something that you normally do
  + It was Mrs Dearden's day off, and Paul was on duty in her place.

- Originate (verb): bắt nguồn
  + to start something or cause it to happen
  + Who originated the saying "Small is beautiful"

- Contribution (noun): sự đóng góp
  + something that you contribute or do to help produce or achieve something together with other people, or to help make something successful
  + This invention made a major contribution to road safety

- Right (noun): quyền lợi
  + the fact that a person or animal can expect to be treated in a fair, morally acceptable, or legal way, or to have the things that are necessary for life
  + Everyone has a right to education
  
- Wage (noun): tiền công
  + a particular amount of money that is paid, usually every week, to an employee, especially one who does work that needs physical skills or strength, rather than a job needing a college education
  + The job pays very low wages

- Worldwide (adverb): khắp thế giới
  + existing or happening in all parts of the world
  + The rock group has sold six miliion copies of the album worldwide

- Socialist (noun): nhà xã hội học
  + a supporter of socialism or a member of a socialist political party
  + He was a socialist all his life

- Unsafe (adj): không an toàn
  + not safe
  + Carol feels unsafe in planes

- Majority (noun): phần lớn
  + the large number of part of something
  + The majority of the employees have university degrees.

### 2. Outline
- Is International Labor Day a public holiday in your country?
  + Yes, it is and all the Vietnamese don't have to go to school or work on this day
  + Yeah, it is a national public holiday and we all get a day off

- Do you know any other names for International Labor Day?
  + In some Western countries, people call it May Day
  + Yeah, it is also known as Workers' Day or International Workers' Day

- How did International Labor Day originate?
  + I'm not sure. I just know that it first originated in 1889
  + Socialists and labor groups created International Labor Day to unite workers worldwide and fight for their rights.

- Do you know the meaning of this day?
  + I believe this day honors the contribution and rights of all workers around the world
  + It is a reminder of the importance of workers
  
- Are there any problems that workers still face today?
  + For example, a majority of workers still have very small wages or salaries
  + There are still a lot of things, such as few job opportunities or unsafe working conditions

- How is International Labor Day celebrated in VietNam?
  + Nothing much. We just get a day off
  + It is not a big celebration in Vietnam, to be honest

- What will you do on this day?
  + I intend to have a short trip to the countryside
  + I haven't decided yet. Maybe I will just stay at home and rest

- Do you want to leave any message to the workers around the world?
  + Workers, don't forget how important you are to the society
  + Keep advancing and fight four your rights 