## Topic: How do you feel when you receive bad feedback from others?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Put up with something (verb phrase): chịu đựng cái gì
  + to accept or continue to accept an unpleasant situation or experience
  + I can put up with the house being messy

- Have the blues (idiom): buồn
  + to feel sad
  + After seeing the old house in such bad shape, I had the blues for weeks.

- Feedback (noun): phản hồi
  + advice, criticism or information about how good or useful something is
  + Have you had any feedback from customers about the new dish?

- Criticism (noun): sự chỉ trích
  + the act of saying that something or someone is bad
  + I have a few criticisms to make about your speech
  
- Performance (noun): sự thực hiện, hoàn thành
  + how well a person, machine, etc. does a piece of work or an activity
  + This was a very impressive performance by the young player

- Negative (adj): tiêu cực
  + not expecting good things, or likely to consider only the bad side of a situation
  + You're so negative about everything

- Motivation (noun): động lực
  + enthusiasm for doing something
  + There seems to be a lack of motivation among the employees

- Evaluate (verb): đánh giá
  + to judge or calculate the quality, importance, amount, or value of something
  + Employees will be evaluated on their performance, attendance, and team skills.

- Correct (verb): sửa sai
  + to make something right or accurate
  + You should read through your work and correct any mistakes.

- Consider something as something (verb phrase): coi cái gì như cái gì
  + to think of something in a particular way
  + You should consider this as a long-term investment

### 2. Outline
- How often do people give you feedback?
  + Whenever we have group work for a project, we usually give each other feedback.
  + I often ask for the feedback from others when I try to cook a new dish

- What kind of feedback do you receive from others?
  + I have received a lot of both positive and negative feedback from others
  + Most of the feedback I have received was a bit negative

- How do you feel when you receive negative feedback from others?
  + Whenever I receive any negative feedback about what I have done, I always have the blues
  + It's ok to me because I get used to receiving negative feedback

- What is the most negative feedback you've ever received?
  + Yesterday, I received a lot of negative feedback and even criticism about my presentation
  + Last month, I was not careful in doing my report, so my manager gave a lot of negative feedback

- What did you do after receiving that feedback?
  + I consider the negative feedback as the motivation for me to try harder and improve myself
  + If I feel that the feedback is right, I will try to correct what I have done and ask for the feedback again

- Is all the feedback you receive right?
  + No, I can't put up with the feedback from those I hate because they always try to hurt me
  + No, I always evaluate all the feedback I received to know wheter it's right or not

- Have you had any feedback from other people these days?
  + No, these days I haven't had any special activities that need feednacl from others
  + Yes, I received some positive feedback from my boss a few days ago, wich made me really happy

- Have you ever given others negative feedback?
  + Yes, I do that to encourage them to try their best to have better performance
  + Yes, I have done it a lot of times especially to my brother because he usually make mistakes.