## Topic: If there is an international language election, which language will you vote for?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Become a global language (verb phrase): trở thành ngôn ngữ toàn cầu
  + to become a language covering or affecting the whole world
  + English has become a global language

- Remove language barries (verb phrase): xóa bỏ rào cản ngôn ngữ
  + to get rid of difficulties in communication
  + This app can help to remove language barries.

- A piece of cake (idiom): dễ dàng
  + something that is very easy to do
  + The exam was a piece of cake

- Foreign (adj): thuộc về nước ngoài
  + belonging or connected to a country that is not your own
  + Spain was the first foreign country she had visited

- Master (verb): thành thạo
  + to learn how to do something well
  + He quickly mastered the art of interviewing people

- Mother tongue (noun): ngôn ngữ mẹ đẻ
  + the first language that you learn when you are a baby
  + Vietnamese is my mother tongue

- Native speaker (noun): người bản xứ
  + someone who has spoken a particular language since they were a baby, rather than having learned it as child or adult
  + All our teachers are native speakers of English

- Pronunciation (noun): phát âm
  + how words are pronounced
  + English pronounciation is notoriously difficult

- Misunderstanding (noun): hiểu nhầm
  + an occasion when someone does not understand something correctly
  + His ridiculous comments showed a complete misunderstanding of the situation

- Conversation (noun): cuộc hội thoại
  + talk between two or more people in which thoughts, feelings, and ideas are expressed
  + She had a strange conversation with the man who moved in upstairs.

### 2. Outline
- How many foreign languages are you learning?
  + I am learning two foreign languages, English and Chinese. It is really a challenge to me
  + I only learn English for my job. I don't have time to learn other languages

- Do you think it is difficult to learn foreign language?
  + Yes. Learning a new language is not a piece of cake because the languages are totally different in grammar, pronounciation and sentences construction
  + Not really. I think we can master a new language within some months if we pour our heart and soul into it

- If there is an international language election, which language will you vote for?
  + I certainly vote for Vietnamese to become a global language
  + English will be my choice, and I believe that many other people will also vote for English

- Why do you vote for that language?
  + Because I want my mother tongue to be known by all people in the world
  + Because it is not too difficult to learn English and it is also the language spoken widely in the world

- Should people all over the world speak only one language?
  + No. The difference in cultures and languages is what makes this world an interesting place to live in
  + Yes. We don't need to waste time learning foreign languages any more

- What are the benefits of all people speaking the same language?
  + It will remove language barries and lead to economic development across the world
  + There will be no misunderstanding in conversations

- Why are some languages dying?
  + Because speakers tend to learn languages that help them to gain social and economic advantages
  + Some languages are dying because there are no native speakers left