## Topic: What do you feel if someone hates you?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Hate one's guts (idiom): ghét cay đắng ai đó
  + to dislike somebody very much
  + Amy is so mean. I hate her guts

- Take an instant dislike to someone (verb phrase): ghét ngay ai đó từ ban đầu
  + to dislike somebody when you first met them
  + I never take an instant dislike to anyone!

- Speak ill of someone (verb phrase): nói xấu về ai
  + to bad-mouth somebody
  + I can't believe she spoke ill of me!

- Annoyed (adj): thấy phiền
  + angry
  + I feel annoyed when I see you!

- Bad manner (noun phrase): cách cư xử tệ
  + the bad way in which you behave towards other people
  + You really have bad manners

- Ignore (verb): mặc kệ, không để tâm
  + to intentionally not listen or give attention to
  + I always ignore bad comments on the Internet

- Avoid (verb): tránh
  + to stay away from someone or something
  + Why are you avoiding me?

- At all costs (phrase): bằng mọi giá
  + no matter what dangers or difficulties are involved
  + I've got to have it at all costs

- Misfortune (noun): sự xui xẻo, bất hạnh
  + bad luck, or an unlucky event
  + She suffered a good deal of misfortune over the years

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever hated someone?
  + Yeah! I hate a lot of classmates because they are too lazy when working as a team
  + I always try not to hate anyone, but there are always some people who make me feel tired and annoyed

- What often makes a person hateful in your eyes?
  + I hate someone people who always try to speak ill of others behind their back
  + I often take an instant dislike to some people who have bad manners

- Have you ever stopped hating someone after a long time of talking?
  + Yes! I used to hate my best friend when we first met but as I talked with him, I discovered we have much in common
  + No! Once I hate someone, I would never talk with them

- What do you feel if you know that hates you?
  + I think I would try to understand why I'm hated and consider changing myself it necessary
  + I feel nothing because it's normal to be hated! We don't live to please everyone. I just keep moving and ignore everything

- What do you feel if someone hates you?
  + I will ignore it because I can't make everyone like me!
  + I will try to find out the readson! And I will fix it if possible

- How can we know if someone hates us?
  + When someone dislikes someone, they will avoid you all at costs
  + If a person is not happy when you succeed and laughs out loud at your misfortune, he or she hates your guts

- If we hate a person, will he/she hate us in return?
  + I'm not sure! If he knows that you hate him, maybe he will also develop a dislike for you. But if he doesn't, he won't
  + It depends! Someone people won't care about whether you hate them or not so although you hate them, they won't hate you in return