## Topic: Do you prefer to stay at home or go to work when you are married?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Develop a bond (verb phrase)
  + to create a close connection joining two or more people
  + Learning together helps develop a deeper bond

- Focus (verb)
  + to give your full attention to what you are doing or to what is happening
  + I'm finding it hard to focus today

- Tiring (adj)
  + making you feel tired
  + I've had a very tiring day

- Quality time (noun)
  + time that you spend with someone, giving them your full attention because you value the relationship

- Exhausting (adj)
  + making you feel extremely tired
  + I've had an exhausting day

- Downtime (noun)
  + Time when you relax and do not do very much
  + We had a busy weekend so I'm planning to have some downtime tomorrow

- Suffer (verb)
  + to experience physical or mental pain
  + I think he suffered a lot when his wife left him

- Lonely (adj)
  + unhappy because you are not with other people
  + She gets lonely now that all the kids have left home

- Keep one's finances secure (verb phrase)
  + to make sure the money that a person or company has won't lost
  + We found it difficult to keep our finances secure during the pandemic

### 2. Outline
- Do you prefer to stay at home or go to work when you are married?
  + It depends on what my husband wants. If he doesn't like going to work, I'll do it
  + I think I prefer the former. After getting married, you can't focus on your work anymore

- Why don't you prefer the opposite?
  + Becoming a stay-at-home dad means you must deal with the kids all the time and it's so tiring!
  + I don't want to go to work because I want to look after my children, especially my newborn baby

- What are the benefits of staying at home?
  + Staying at home will allow you to develop a bond with the kids
  + One of the greatest benefits is that you get to spend more quality time with your children

- What are the drawbacks of staying at home?
  + Being a stay-at-home parent can be exhausting, mainly if you have more than two kids
  + There are many drawbacks, such as feeling bored, having no downtime for yourself, and so on

- What are the benefits of going to work?
  + It is said that married employees will receive more benefits than single ones
  + Going to work after getting married is a good way to keep your family's finances secure

- What are the drawbacks of going to work?
  + According to research, working parents are more likely to suffer from stress
  + If you go to work, you won't meet your kids too often. This can make them lonely

- Is it true that women will likely stay at home after getting married?
  + I don't think it's always true. Some women still come back to their office after giving birth
  + It's true because, traditionally, men are the ones that bring home the bacon.