## Topic: What do you do to study effectively

### 1. Vocabulary
- No big deal (idiom): dễ dàng
  + used to say that something is not important or not a problem
  + If I don't win it's no big deal

- Adopt a method (verb phrase): áp dụng biện pháp
  + to start to use a particular method
  + Tom adopted our method of bookkeeping

- Get familiar with something (verb phrase): trở nên quen thuộc với
  + knowing everything very well
  + You will soon get familiar with the different activities

- Concentrate (verb): tập trung
  + to direct your attention or your efforts towards a particular activity, subject, or problem
  + Please concentrate on your work

- Motivate (verb): tạo động lực
  + to make someone want to do something well
  + Teaching is all about motivating people to learn

- Ideal (adj): lý tưởng
  + perfect, or the best possible
  + She's the ideal person for the job

- Distracted (adj): bị xao nhãng
  + being made to stop giving their attention to something
  + Tania seems very distracted at the moment

- self-discipline (noun): kỷ luật bản thân
  + the ability to make yourself do things you know you should do even when you do not want to
  + You need a lot of self-discipline when you're doing research work on your own

- Taste (noun): gu, khẩu vị, sở thích
  + the things a person likes
  + She has a good taste of music

- Method (noun): phương pháp
  + a particular way of doing something
  + THe new teaching methods encourage children to think for themselves

### 2. Outline
- What do you do to study effectively?
  + I usually go to my favorite coffee shop, which has a quite enviroment and pleasant fragrance of roasted coffee beans
  + I use the "Focus To-do" app to concentrate and motivate me to complete my plan

- How did you know this method?
  + After studying in the cafe, I realized I could study more effectively in this place rather than at home
  + It's viral on social networking sites

- What do you need to do to adopt this learning method?
  + All you need is to choose your ideal coffee shop, which helps you concentrate on tasks effectively
  + You just need to set a period of time that you will study only and then time for a short break

- How long have you got familiar with this method?
  + It's no big deal because it's enjoyable. Let's imagine how relaxing it is when you can enjoy your favorite drink
  + It takes me around a week to form this habit

- Do you face any difficulties when applying this method?
  + Sometimes, it's quite noisy because of impolite customers
  + I'm still distracted by my smartphone

- Who should apply this method?
  + It's designed for those who lack self-discipline
  + People who are very distracted and lazy should use this app

- Do you know any other famous and effective learning methods?
  + "Study with me" does viral on Youtube, which includes videos recording the actual process of studying a person with soft music
  + Aromatherapy, which provides a preasant aroma for people to uplift their mood for studying

- Do you apply any one of those ways?
  + Yes, but instead of watching those videos on Youtube, I study with my best friend, because we have the same taste in music
  + No, those methods do not suit my book.