## Topic: Do you like to get up early in the morning?

### 1. Vocabulary
- pull an all-nighter (phrase): thức trắng đêm
  + to have a time when you spend all night studying or working

- suffer from insommia (phrase): bị chứng mất ngủ
  + to experience the condition of being unable to sleep, over a period of time

- hit the sack (idiom): đi ngủ
  + to go to bed in order to sleep

- a heavy sleeper (phrase): người ngủ sâu, khó tỉnh
  + someone who is difficult to be woke up

- sleep like a log (idiom): ngủ say
  + to sleep very well, without being woken by any noises

- fall into a deep sleep (phrase): rơi vào trạng thái ngủ sâu
  + to start a period of sleeping deeply

- the early bird catches the worm (idiom): ai đến sớm/ xuất hiện sẽ có khả năng thành công hơn
  + said to advise someone that they will have an advantage if they do something immediately or before anyone else does it
  
### 2. Outline
- Do you like to get up early in the morning?
  + Yes, because I like to give myself enough time to get everything done before going to work
  + No, I often get up late since I have to pull an all-nighter to get my work done

- What do you usually do when you get up early?
  + I go out and do morning exercise in the park near my house
  + I prepare breakfast on my own, play with my dog for a while and then get ready for work

- Which morning do you like the best in a week?
  + I like Sunday morning the best. I don't have to work on Sunday and I can spend have to work on Sunday and I can spend time with my family
  + For me, all mornings in a week are the same because I enjoy every day I live

- Are you more productive in the morning?
  + No, I can't concentrate on my work in the morning because I usually feel sleepy
  + Yes, I'm a morning person so it's easier for me to do many things effectively

- Do you often set an alarm in the morning?
  + Not very often, I just set an alarm when I need to wake up at a very early time. I am a little bit annoyed when hearing the sound of the alarm clock
  + Yes. I'm a heavy sleeper, so I always use the alarm clock every morning to make sure that I will not be late for school.

- What are the benefits of getting up early?
  + Well, the early bird catches the worm. If you wake up early, it means you will have a better chance to do things than others
  + You will have more time in the day when you get up early. This extra time can be spent on either work or exercise, all of which helps you work more effectively

- Is it easier for older people to get up early than young people?
  + I believe so. My grandparents usually wake up at 4 or 5 in the morning. I think the main reason is because their health is no longer in good condition
  + Yes. The old often suffer from insomnia so it is difficult for them to fall into deep sleep at night, so they often wake up early in the morning.

- What are the tips to get up early?
  + The easiest tips is that you must get enough hours of sleep. If you want to get up early, you should hit the sack early
  + One of the interesting ways to avoid sleeping like a log is to place your bed at a position where the first light of the morning will directly fall onto your eyes.