## Topic: If one day you are failed!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Give someone a sack (idiom): sa thải ai
  + to dismiss (someone) suddenly from a job
  + The company gave him the sack for improper conduct

- Seize an opportunity (verb phrase): nắm bắt cơ hội
  + when you seize an opportunity, you take advantage of it and do something that you want to do
  + When our manager said she was leaving the company, I seized the opportunity to fill the vacancy

- Pursue (verb): theo đuổi
  + to do it or archieve something/someone usually over a long period of time
  + He decided to pursue a career in television

- Fire (verb): sa thải
  + to remove someone from their job
  + SHe was fired after she was caught stealing from her employer

- Loss (noun): lỗ vốn
  + a situation in which a business spends more money than it earns
  + The company announced a pre-tax loss of three million dollars

- Fault (noun): lỗi lầm
  + a mistake, especially something for which you are to blame
  + It's not my fault she didn't come

- Hand over (phrasal verb): bàn giao
  + to give someone else control of or responsibility for something
  + The founder handed the company over to his sons

### 2. Outline
- What do you do for a living?
  + I am currently a Business Analyst for a starup
  + I am a fresh graduate, so I am looking for a full-time job. But I do work as a part-time English tutor for kids

- Do you love your job?
  + It is a little challenging because I have to deal with lots of numbers. But overall, I am satisfied with my current job
  + I do love my students. But I don't think I wanna pursue a teaching career

- What is the biggest mistake you have made at work so far?
  + The biggest mistake that I have ever made is not remmembering the deadlines
  + There was one time I called my client's name wrong

- If one day you are fired, what may be the reason?
  + I think that if I miss deadlines so many times, I will be fired
  + If I make a huge loss, my boss will give me a sack

- How will you feel?
  + If that is really my fault, and a major one, then I have to accept it!
  + I will be very angry and disappointed if that isn't my fault

- Do you think "begging" for another chance is a good thing?
  + I think we all should seize our opportunities because finding a job isn't easy at all
  + It depends, Sometimes, begging for a chance isn't professional at all

- When you are fired, what should we do to stay professional?
  + Before leaving officially, we should get all tasks done well
  + As a professional person, we still have to work our best until the last day. And don't forget to hand over your tasks to someone else