## Topic: Should we lend friends and relatives money?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Float a loan (idiom): vay tiền của ai
  + to get a loan or to arrange for a loan
  + I couldn't afford to pay cash for the car, so I floated a loan

- Turn someone down (verb phrase): Từ chối ai đó
  + to refuse an offer or request
  + He offered her a trip to Australia but she turned him down

- Take something into consideration (verb phrase): xem xét một cái gì đó
  + to think about something before one makes a decision or forms an opinion
  + We will take your experience into consideration when we decide who will get the job

- Hesitate (verb): do dự, chần chừ
  + to pause before you do or say something, often because you are uncertain or nervous about it.
  + She hesitated slightly before answering the detecive's question.

- Stingy (adj): keo kiệt
  + mean or ungenerous, unwilling to spend money
  + My father's very stingy with his money

- Disappointed (adj): thất vọng
  + unhappy because someone or something was not as good as you hoped or expected
  + I was disappointed to hear that the party had been cancelled

- Uncomfortable (adj): không thoải mái
  + not making you feel comfortable and pleasant
  + These shoes are really uncomfortable

- Awkward (adj): lúng túng, vụng về
  + causing problems, worry or embarrassment
  + He kept asking her awkward questions

- Damage (verb): làm hư hại
  + to harm or spoil something
  + The bomb damaged several buildings

- Situation (noun): tình huống, hoàn cảnh
  + circumstances, a state of affairs
  + The airlike did a good job of dealing with a very difficult situation.

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever lent money to a friend or a relative?
  + Quite a few minutes, actually. Every time my friends have trouble with money, they come to me to float a loan
  + Nope. I have never lent money to friends and relatives, like ever!

- If a close friend or relative asks to lend money from you, will you hesitate a lot?
  + I usually need to know why they need the money before deciding to lend them the money
  + I don't hesitate much because I believe they will return my money soon

- Will you return them down?
  + Yeah, sometimes when I feel like they don't have a good reason to borrow the money
  + No way. If I turn them down, they will think I'm mean and stingy

- How will you feel when they don't pay the money back in time?
  + I will be very disapointed. They always promise to pay the money back soon when they ask for it
  + That's terrible. It seems like they don't ever take our relationship into consideration

- Which situation do you think is more awkward, refusing to lend them money or having to ask them to pay that loan?
  + Well I think it is when we have to tell them to pay back the money. It makes me feel so uncomfortable even to ask for my own money back
  + Both of them are super awkward. I think they can both damage my relationship with them

- Could you still be friends or act normal with them afterward?
  + It would be hard to be friendly with them after those unhappy situations
  + Definitely not. I don't think they can either after hurting our relationship like that

- Is it good idea to lend friends and relatives money?
  + I still think it is okay to lend my friends and relatives money if they need them for good reasons and can pay them back
  + I won't lend them money because I believe it will lead to many problems.