## Topic: Why do many people choose to watch movies on illegal websites?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Make an dent in (idiom): làm sụt giảm
  + to reduce the amount of something, especially money
  + The pandemic has made a dent in the sales of beef

- Crack down on (phrasal verb): tiêu diệt, chống lại
  + to try harder to prevent an illegal activity and deal more severely with those who care caught doing it
  + Police are cracking down on drug dealers

- Damage one's image (verb phrase): phá hoại hình ảnh
  + to make the impression that a person an organization, a product, etc. gives to the public worse
  + This scandal has completely damaged the company's image

- Pirated (adj): lậu, chưa xin phép, chưa mua bản quyền
  + (of a coumpter program, music, a film) to be illegally copied and sold
  + I will never watch pirated movies

- Abet (verb): tiếp tay cho
  + to help or encourage someone to do something wrong or illegal
  + Shady lawyers abetted the company's officiers in stealing the funds

- Binge watch (verb): cày phim, xem liền lúc nhiều tập
  + to watch several episodes (= separate parts) of a television series or programme, one after another
  + We binge-watched an entire season of "Breaking Bad" on Sunday

- Infamous (adj): khét tiếng
  + famous for something considered bad
  + The list included the infamous George Drake, a double murderer

- Bombard (verb phrase): tấn công ai đó dồn dập bằng (cả nghĩa đen và nghĩa bóng)
  + to attack somebody with a lot of questions, criticisms, etc. or by giving them too much information. We have bene bombarded with letters of complaint
  + We have been bombarded with letters of complaint

- Be free of charge (verb phrase): miễn phí
  + that you don't have to pay money for
  + Delivery is free of charge

### 2. Outline
- On what platforms or websites do you often watch movies?
  + My two favorite platforms for watching movies are Netflix and Youtube
  + It's quite shameful but I often binge watch movies on some pirated movies websites

- What are some popular websites offering pirated movies that you know?
  + Phimmoi.net may be the most infamous website for pirated movies in VN
  + Dongphymtv.com and phimbathu.com may all be popular names for many people who choose to watch pirated movies in VN

- Why do many people choose to watch movies on these illegal websites
  + It's simply because these websites are free of charge. You can watch hot movies after watching a short advertisement clip
  + Because "films should be free" seems to have become a popular belief among many Vietnamese people

- Is there anything annoying about these websites?
  + When we gain access to these websites, we will often be bombared with loads and loads of advertisements of gambling apps
  + Sometimes, movies's quality are so bad and there may be erros in translation. Also some movies become unavailable after some time

- Why should we avoid watching movies on these website?
  + Because that's exactly abetting criminals and will contribute to damaging our country's image in the eyes of international friends
  + Because that will make a dent in movie producer's profits, which might cause them to refuse to sell us their movies in the future

- What did the government do to crack down on these websites?
  + Our goverment has mobilized many IT experts to take down these websites
  + They have been investigating and arresting the real owner of these websites to prevent others from following suit

- Why is it hard to crack down on these website?
  + Because once a website is banned, a new one with a similar name will be created to replace it
  + It will still be hard to crack down on these websites if they are still supported by too many people like now

