## Topic: At what age would you like to live in your own?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Blood is thicker than water (idiom)
  + familial bonds will always be stronger than bonds of friendship or love
  + I don't share the belief that blood is thicker than water

- The apple of one's eyes (idiom)
  + the person who someone loves most and is very proud of
  + His youngest daughter was the apple of his eye

- On one's own (idiom)
  + if you do something on your own, you do it without help from anyone else
  + I don't mind going to the movies on my own

- Parental support (noun phrase)
  + emotional or practical help from parents
  + Loz received a lot of parental support when she lost her job

- Close-knit (adj)
  + if a group of people are close-knit, they all help and support each other
  + I live in a close-knit family

- Family background (noun phrase)
  + the details of a person's family
  + They come from a wealthy family background

- Rely on (phrasal verb)
  + to need or depend on something
  + They had to rely entirely on volunteer workers

- Private space (noun phrase)
  + a place only for one person or group and not for everyone
  + This room is my private space

- self-control (noun):
  + the ability to control your emotions and actions
  + It took all his self-control not to shout at them

- Independence (noun):
  + the ability to live your life without being helped or influenced by other people
  + It's important that parents should allow their children some independence

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever lived away from your family?
  + Yes, I used to. The first time I lived away from my family was when I moved to Ho Chi Minh city to study at university
  + No. I am the apple of my parents' eye so they will not let me live away from them
  
- How do you feel when living on your own?
  + On the first day, I feel extremely excited but then the feelings of loneliness and sadness slowly appear
  + It's my most challening time because there is a lack of parental support

- Do you like living with your family or living on your own?
  + I prefer living alone. I like to have seff-control and do everything I like
  + I like living in a house close to my parents and relatives

- At what age would you like to live on your own?
  + I think 18. At that age, I am strong, confident and mature enough to live independently
  + If I have to choose, 22 is my choice. I will graduate at the age of 22, and I could earn money to live alone

- What are the benefits of living on your own?
  + I think the biggest benefit is that I could enjoy private space and privacy
  + Living alone helps me to build and develop confidence, independence and responsibility

- What are the disadvantages of living on your own?
  + People who live alone are more likely to develop mental problems like stress or depression
  + There is no one to help you in emergency situations such as sickness or fire

- How important is the family to children?
  + For the children, a good family background is the most important factor that determines their development
  + A close-knit family will show that blood is thicker than water. Family is a place children can rely on.