## Topic: A sould sleep every night is the best reward for adults?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Have a sound sleep (verb pharse)
  + to sleep deeply
  + There are many ways that can help you to have a sound sleep

- Take up most of one's time (verb phrase)
  + to require too much of someone else's time; to waste someone's time
  + My work has taken up too much of my time

- Once in a blue moon (idiom)
  + not very often
  + I once in a blue moon have a flight with my boyfriend

- Average (adj)
  + An average number is the number you get by adding two or more amounts together and dividing the total by the number of amounts
  + My average income is $200,000 per year

- Fast-paced life (noun phrase)
  + quick life
  + The fast-paced life has made us more lazy

- Deal with (phrasal verb)
  + to handle
  + There are a lot of things for me to deal with

- Work (verb)
  + to be effective or successfully
  + THe tablets will start to work in a few minutes

- Nightmare (noun)
  + a very upsetting or frightening dream
  + I shouldn't have watched that movie - it'll give me nightmares

- Luxurious (adj)
  + very comfortable and expensive
  + They have a very luxurious house


- Reward (noun)
  + something given in exchange for good behavior or good work, etc
  + There's a reward for whoever finishes first

### 2. Outline
- What time do you go to bed everyday?
  + I usually go to bed at 1 or 2 in the morning
  + I go to bet at 10! But it usually takes me 2 hours to actually go to sleep

- How long does your sleep usually last?
  + hours, I suppose. That's just an average duration
  + I always try to have an 8-hour sleep everyday

- Have you ever woken up in the middle of the night?
  + Yes, of course. I always wake up in the middle of the night when I have a nightmare or when I feel hungry
  + Yes, but once in a blue moon only!

- Do you think you have enough sleep?
  + I don't think so! I always feel like I don't get enough sleep
  + Only on the weekends. On the weekdays, I always have to stay up to meet the deadlines

- A sound sleep very night is the best reward for adults! - What do you think?
  + I totally agree. I am saying this based on my personal experience
  + Having a sound sleep is really a luxurious reward for me

- Why do you think so?
  + Because young people have a lot work to deal with
  + Because the fast-paced life has take up most up our time for sleeping

- What can we do to have a sound sleep?
  + I usually listen to some podcasts. It really works
  + People usually say that we can do some yoga. But I have never had time to try