## Topic: [BIZ ENG] If you are paid for your overtime, would you prefer to be paid in money or in "time off"

### 1. Vocabulary
- It will be better if I have some incentives for working overtime
  + It will be better if I have some incentives for working overtime

- I think that paying in "time off" isn't mentioned in the company policy
  + I think that paying in "time off" isn't mentioned in the company policy. Could you please check?

- Burn the midnight oil (idiom)
  + to work late into the night
  + Chris is asleep after burning the midnight oil trying to finish his article

- Sorry. But my schedule is packed at that time (sentence)
  + Sorry! But my schedule is packed at that time. Is there any other shift available for me ?

- Overtime (adv)
  + after the usual time needed or expected in a job
  + They're working overtime to get the job done on time

- Shift (noun)
  + the period of time when a group of workers do a job
  + Are you on the night shift or the day shift

- Extra (adj)
  + added to what is normal
  + Recently he's been working an extra two hours a day

- Workload (noun)
  + they amount of work to be done
  + They are always complaining about their heavy workloads

- Labor contract (noun phrase)
  + an agreeement between management and the employees of a company or organization about salary, working conditions, etc
  + The union negotiated a labor contract with the company a year ago

- Day off (noun phrase)
  + a day when you do not work
  + The change in rules meant they would be unable to take a day off it their children were ill

### 2. Outline
- Do you usually have to work overtime?
  + Yes, I do. Sometimes I have to burn the midnight oil at the company
  + Not very often. You can hardly see me work overtime

- When do you have to work overtime?
  + When our clients have special requests, my co-workers and I have to be on night shift to finish them as soon as possible
  + I usually have to work overtime during holiday seasons

- What will you say if your boss asks you to work overtime for no extra pay?
  + That's unacceptable, and find him and say: "Excuse me, sir! I am ready to work overtime, but it will be better if i have some incentives".
  + In this case, I have to review the labor contract before asking for further explanation

- If you are paid for your overtime, would you prefer to be paid in money or in "time off"
  + Of course I prefer to have extra money for working overtime
  + It depends. If the workload is too much then some extra days may be a better choice

- If your boss wants to pay in "time off" how do you respond?
  + If I don't agree, I'll say: "I think that paying in "time off" for OT isn't mentioned in the company policy!"
  + If I agree, I'll say: "So how many extra days off will I get and can I use them on the next day?"

- How do you politely refuse to work overtime?
  + It's always OK to refuse to work overtime. Just go straight to the point: "Sorry, I am not available"
  + Sorry! But my schedule is packed at that time

- If your overtime pay is held, what will you do?
  + I'll find the accountant and ask for the reason
  + I'll ask my boss: "Excuse me! I haven't received my overtime pay yet. Is there any problem?".