## Topic: Common questions in an interview for developers

### 1. Vocabulary
- Process customer order (verb phrase): xử lý yêu cầu của khách hàng
  + the process or workflow that happens after a customer places an order
  + I build applications that help the company process customer orders and track payment and other customer information

- Expand one's skill set (verb phrase): mở rộng và phát triển các kĩ năng
  + to learn and develop your available skills
  + This job can help you expand your skill set

- Take the initiative (verb phrase): khởi xướng, hành động trước
  + if you take the initiative in a situation, you are the first person to act, and are therefore able to control the situation
  + Don't be afraid to take the initiative and say what you think

- Alternative solution (noun phrase): giải pháp thay thế
  + another way to solve a problem
  + I always am the first one who comes up with an alternative solution

- Operating system (noun phrase): hệ thống điều hành
  + a set of programs that control the way a computer system works, especially how its memory is used and how different programs work together
  + A leading economist denied that the firm has a monopoly in the PC operating system market

- Cross-function team (noun phrase): nhóm chức năng chéo
  + a group of people with different functional expertise working toward a common goal
  + Most corporations understand the need to use cross-functional teams for developing new technologies and products

- Spreadsheet (noun): bảng tính
  + an electronic document in which information is arranged in rows and columns, and can be used to do financial calculations and plans
  + I have created a spreasheets listing the call charges for various telephone companies

- Criterion (noun): tiêu chuẩn
  + a standard by which you judge, decide about, or deal with something
  + Pay is a very important criterion for job satisfaction

### 2. Outline
- What type of development are you current working on?
  + I'm currently a developer for an e-commerce company. I build applications that help the company process customer orders and track payment and other customer information
  + Currently, I'm focusing on online English learning software in which students may book courses or call instructors in a manner similar to Grab's method

- What programming languages are you famillar with?
  + I have experience with JS, Python and C++. I'm also learning Swift via an online class and I'm always open to learning new languages to expand my skill set. As a developer, I think it's important to keep our skills up-to-date to contribute to our company's success and advance in our career
  + I am proficient in Java, C++, JS, C#. Of these programing languages, I feel most comfortable working with Java. In my previous role, I worked mainly with Java to create applications that worked across multiple platforms. I also used C++ to develop a new operating system that worked with the applications I engineered

- Describe your ideal enviroment as a developer?
  + I operator best in a quiet enviroment. Regardless, I appreciate working in a cross-functional team that encourages cooperation
  + I prefer to work in an open-plan atmosphere where I can interact with my teammates face to face. This allows me to better understand any challenges or concerns they may have

- Describe a conflict you had with a team member and how you resolved it?
  + In my most recent role, another developer and I disagreed with a project's direction. To resolve the matter, we met and discussed our opinions while letting each other speak. This allowed our conversation to flow more freely and we were better able to understand where each other was coming from. Once we discussed our concerns, we came to a mutual agreement for the betterment of the project and our company
  + In my previous role, I had a consistently late colleague, and my team would have to wait for her to begin our daily tasks. I took the initiative to approach her and discuss why she could not make our morning meetings. After running into some disagreements about her lateness, I offered an alternative solution that would suit her and keep the team on schedule. In the end, I arranged to have our morning team meeting time adjusted to a mid-morning meeting to allow for any lateness or pressing tasks that may interfere in the future. This way, all team members could attend and participate fully each day.

- What tools do you use to keep track of project requirement?
  + I typically use an online spreadsheet to track not only project requirements but also their deadlines. This lets me view the requirements regardless of my location and in an organized format. It also lets me share the document with other members of my team so everyone understands the projects requirements and deadlines
  + I usually use an online spreadsheets to keep track of both projects needs and deadlines. This allows me to examine the criteria regardless of where I am and in an orderly manner. It also allows me to share the document with other members of my team, ensuring that everyone is aware of the project's needs and deadlines

- Do you have any tips to answer interview questions about HR?
  + Before your interview, read over the job description and job posting for the position you're interviewing for. Focus on keywords and qualifications mentioned in the description or job posting and use them throughout your interview answers if applicable. This lets the hiring manager know you're well qualified for the role and that you're serious about working for them in this capacity
  + Throught your interview, it's important to be truthful regarding your qualifications, experience and skills. This ensures the company hires the right candidate and that you're able to perform the basic responsibilities of the job with ease