## Topic: Is it necessary to have an expensive wedding dress

### 1. Vocabulary
- Steal one's thunder
  + to do what someone else was going to do before they do it, especially if this takes success or praise away from them.
  + Sandy stole my thunder when she announced that she was pregnant two days before I'd planned to tell people about my pergnancy

- Have the right to do something (verb phrase): có quyền làm gì đó
  + to have the freedom or the just or legal permission, privilege, or authority to do something
  + I think we sometimes take it for granted that we have right to say whatever we want without fear

- Dress to the nines (idiom)
  + to be wearing fashionable or formal clothes for a special occasion
  + Jackie went out dressed to the nines

- Look forward to something (verb phrase)
  + to expect something to happen
  + I'm really looking forward to your reply

- Proposal (noun): đề nghị
  + an offer of marriage
  + I've been waiting for your proposal for so long!

- Fantasy (noun): Ảo tưởng
  + A pleasant situation that you enjoy thinking about but is unlikely to happen, or the activity of imagining things like this
  + Steve's favorite fantasy was to own a big house and a flashy car

- Stunning (adj): tuyệt đẹp
  + extremely beautiful or attractive
  + They make a stunning couple

- Gorgeous (adj): Tuyệt đẹp, rộng lẫy
  + very beautiful or pleasant
  + The bride looked gorgeous

- Option (noun): tùy chọn
  + one thing that can be chosen from a set of possibilities, or the freedom to make a choice
  + the best option would be to cancel the trip altogether

- Gown (noun): áo choàng
  + a woman's dress, especially a long one worn on formal occasions
  + She's wearing a beautiful ball gown

### 2. Outline
- Have you had any plans to get married yet?
  + Yes, I have! I know it's so soon to tell and I am still looking forward to an official proposal
  + Not yet! I'm still young! I still can't imagine what marriage is like!

- What is your dream wedding?
  + It's gonna be a small ceremory with my family and some best friends
  + I've always wanted to have a big wedding at a 5-star resort! It has to be huge because I don't have plans to do it twice

- How do you want to dress up in your wedding?
  + I don't want something that is too special or expensive. A formal suit might be the best option
  + I want to wear a fancy gown with a lot diamonds on it! But that's just my fantasy

- Is it necessary to have an expensive wedding dress?
  + I think it is necessary! It's your wedding!
  + I don't think it is necessary to spend a lot of money on a wedding dress

- Why do you think so?
  + Because this is a special ceremory. You need to look as stunning as possible
  + It's OK if you want to dress to the ninces on your wedding day! But after all, it's a high chance that you only wear it once

- Why do some people want to have an expensive wedding dress?
  + Because they have a lot of money, and they want to look gorgeous on that special day. They have the right to do it
  + Because they want to look super attractive on a wedding day! No one can steal their thunder

- If your partner doesn't want you to spend much money on a wedding dress, what will you do?
  + I think I will have to have a serious talk with my partner
  + If my partner gives me good reasons, then I am OK with it.