## Topic: What is the most positive change you made in your life

### 1. Vocabulary
- Succeed in (doing) something (verb phrase)
  + achieve something that you have been aiming for
  + The campaign has succeeded in raising public awareness of the issue

- On the right track (idiom)
  + doing something correctly or well
  + You haven't quite got the answer yet, but you're on the right track

- Positive (adj)
  + good or useful
  + His family have bene a very positive influence on him

- Proud (adj)
  + feeling pleased and satisfied about something that you own or have done
  + The girls have made me extremely proud

- Transform (verb)
  + to completely change the appearance or character, especially so that it is better
  + It was an event that would transform my file

- Determined (adj)
  + having made a definite decision to do something and not letting anyone prevent you
  + I'm determined to get this piece of work done today

- Effort (noun)
  + physical or mental activity needed to achieve something
  + THe project was a team effort

- Personality (noun)
  + the type of person you are, shown by the way you behave, feel, and think
  + She has a very warm personality

- Encourage someone to do something (verb phrase)
  + to make someone more likely to do something
  + We encourage the victims to talk freely about their experiences

- Get rid of something (verb phrase)
  + to make yourself free of something that you do not want
  + I can't get rid of this headache

### 2. Outline
- How much have you changed in some recent years?
  + I have changed a lot over the years, especially during the time I entered university
  + Actually, I've changed a little bit in terms of my personality

- What is the most positive change you made in your life?
  + I used to be too lazy to do exercise, but now it has become my habit and I know I'm on the right track
  + When I was small, I was really shy and always afraid of speaking in public. But now, I'm much more confident

- Why is it positive to you?
  + It's a positive change because I have become better since I started to do it every day
  + This change plays an important role in helping me succeed in my study and my job

- What do other people think about your change?
  + This change has transformed me to a better version of myself and I always recommend my friend to do that
  + My friends say that they can't believe I have changed that much

- How do you feel about your positive change?
  + I regret that I haven't done it sooner but I'm quite happy now with the change I made
  + I'm so proud of of my positive change and it makes me really delighted

- What did you do to change it?
  + When I watched some videos about its good effects, I was determined to get rid of my laziness
  + My mom encourages me to change myself and she always stands by my side to help me

- What do you want to change about yourself in the future?
  + I want to change my appearance such as my hairstyle and my makeup look
  + I'm making an effort to change my bad habits of biting my nails

- Have you ever made any negative changes recently?
  + Recently, I have started to sleep very late. I will try to get rid of this bad habit
  + I have drunk a lot of alcohol these days due to my stressful work.