## Topic: Why do some people love buying books although they hardly read all of them

### 1. Vocabulary
- Go to waste (verb phrase): bị lãng phí
  + to not be made good or full use of
  + I hate to see good food go to waste

- On mature reflection (idiom): suy nghĩ chín chắn
  + After thinking about something carefully and for a long time
  + On mature reflection we have decided to decline their offer

- Nice cover (noun phrase): 
  + the stiff outside part of a book or magazine, which is usually made of thick paper or cardboard and which is attractively decorated
  + I love this book because it has a nice cover

- From cover to cover (preposition phrase)
  + (to read a book, magazine, etc...) all the way through from the beginning to the end
  + He always reads the paper from cover to cover

- Be on special offer (verb phrase): được ưu đãi giá đặc biệt
  + If goods in a shop are on special offer, they are being sold at a lower price than usual
  + Frech wine is on special offer this week

- Decoration (noun): Sự trang trí
  + an object that is used as decoration in a room, garden, etc. rather than for a particular purpose.
  + He put a lot of decorations on his bookshelf

- Attractive content (noun phrase)
  + the subject matter of a book which is attractive
  + Can you introduce a book with attractive content to me?

- Leisure pursuit (noun)
  + an activity that you spend time doing, usually when you are not working
  + I don't have much opportunity for leisure pursuits these days

- Explore (verb)
  + to try to discover, learn about new things
  + I'm always interested in reading books to explore new things

- Broaden one's horizons (verb phrase): mở rộng tầm nhìn của một người
  + to broaden the limit of that person's ideas, knowledge, and experience
  + She wanted to travel to broaden her horizons

### 2. Outline
- Do you love reading books? Why?
  + Yes! It's one of my leisure pursuits because I always want to explore new things about the world
  + Yes! Because it's a great way to broaden my horizons

- How often do you buy books?
  + I buy new books whenever they are on special offer
  + I often buy new books on mature reflection. So in a year, I often buy only two or three books

- Where do you often buy books from?
  + I often buy books online from reliable websites such as Tiki, Shoppe, etc.
  + I always travel to the bookstore to buy books so that I can be sure about the book's quality!

- What makes you choose to buy a new book?
  + I often choose to buy books with nice covers and reasonable prices
  + I always buy books by famous authors because they can usually offer attractive content

- Do you often read all the books you buy?
  + No! Sometimes, I just put them on the shelves and never read any of them
  + Yes. I always read all the books I bought from cover to cover

- Why do some people love buying books although they hardly read all of them
  + Some people buy books just to put on the shelves as decorations
  + Some people buy books just to keep up with trends or to take photos and post them on social networks

- What are some downsides of this fact?
  + All the knowledge that authors want to give readers via the book go to waste
  + You will lose a lot of money without getting anything back if you keep buying and never reading