## Topic: The most peaceful moment of my day is when I sit in the toilet!

### 1. Vocabulary
- As quick as a flash (idiom)
  + very quickly
  + Quick as a flash he was at her side

- Kill time (idiom)
  + to spend time doing something while one is waiting
  + We killed time watching the sailboats on the river

- Get away from something (verb phrase)
  + to leave or escape from a person or place, often when it is difficult to do this
  + I'll get away from work as soon as I can

- Duration (noun): thời lượng
  + the length of time that something lasts
  + He planned a stay of two years duration

- Bustle (noun): nhộn nhịp
  + busy activity
  + I sat in a cafe, watching the bustle of the street outside

- Precaution (noun): đề phòng
  + an action that is done to prevent something unpleasant or dangerous happening
  + Many people have bene stockpiling food as a precaution against shortagesstay 

- Adjust (verb): điều chỉnh
  + to arrange your clothing to make yourself look tidy
  + She adjusted her skirt, took a deep breath, and walked into the room

- Bother (verb): làm phiền
  + to annoy or cause problems for someone
  + Don't bother your father when he's working

- Browse (verb): Duyệt
  + to look at information on the internet
  + I found your site while browsing the Web and was very impressed

- For a while (adverb): trong một thời gian
  + for a short time
  + Dad should take a break for a while because he is working for a long time

### 2. Outline
- How long do you usually do in the toilet?
  + Well, if it's number 1, it only takes me around 1 minute, but if it's "number 2", I'm gonna stay in for a while
  + I don't know exactly the duration, but not really long

- What do you usually do to kill the time when you're going "number 2"
  + I normally carry my phone with me and browse social media, sometimes I even bring my laptop
  + I just do it as quickly as a flash

- Could you survive if you forget to bring your phone along?
  + Why not? I just pick up some shampoo bottles and read whatever is written on them
  + Well, if so. I will kill time by thinking back about my life

- Why do some people spend so much time in the toilet?
  + I think they may see toilet time as a way to get away from the bustle of a busy day, just like me
  + I don't know, no one ever tells me the reason behind

- Do you think that the most peaceful moment of your day is when you sit in the toilet?
  + Absolutely, it may be the only place I can actually have alone time
  + Well, it's somehow true. No one will bother me when I'm in the toilet

- Guys vs girls - who spends more time in the toilet?
  + Guys for sure. In fact, it is actually proven by science
  + Maybe girls? I don't know because some girls go to the toilet to adjust their clothes and makeup besides doing the thing

- Why do girls go to the bathroom together?
  + Sometimes it's just better and safer to go as a couple or in groups; it's simply a precaution
  + Well, maybe they want some private girly chats