## Topic: The most peaceful moment of my day is when I sit in the toilet!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Drink like a fish (idiom)
  + to drink a lot of alcohol regularly
  + Simon was drinking like a fish that evening

- Blink drunk (idiom)
  + unable to speak or act in the usual way because of having had too much alcohol
  + He came home last night blink drunk

- Go for a drink (verb phrase)
  + to go to pubs, bars, etc. to drink alcolhol
  + They often go for a drink together at weekends

- As sober as a judge (verb phrase)
  + completely not drunk
  + They all said that I was drunk although I'm as sober as a judge

- Drinking buddy (noun phrase)
  + a friend with whom one often goes to bars, pubs, etc
  + Howard and Mick were drinking buddies

- Alcoholic (noun)
  + a person who is unable to give up the habit of drinking alcohol very often and in large amounts
  + Howe was turning into an alcoholic because of the stress of his job

- Sip (verb)
  + to drink, taking only a very small amount at a time
  + This tea is very hot, so sip it carefully

- Tolerance to alcohol (noun phrase)
  + the ability of drinking alcohol without being drunk
  + Tolerance to alcohol decreases with age

- sorrow (noun)
  + a feeling of great sadness
  + He expressed his sorrow at the news of her death

- Hangover (noun)
  + the headache and sick feeling that you have they day after drinking too much alcohol
  + She woke up with a terrible hangover

### 2. Outline
- Do you often go for a drink?
  + Yes! I always go for a drink after work every day but just to relax, not because I am an alcoholic
  + No! I don't go for a drink often, only when I feel a pang of sorrow or when I hang out with my friends

- Where do you often go for a drink?
  + There is a big bar near my company and I often visit because the drinks and bar snacks are quite cheap
  + I don't go gor a drink at a fixed place but I would prefer pubs that offer outdoor seating

- Do you have a drinking buddy?
  + Yes! My drinking buddies can be my colleagues, my friends, or even my siblings
  + I often go for a drink with my best friend, John but sometimes I also want to drink alone, especially when I'm sad

- Are you confident about your tolerance to alcohol? Why?
  + Yes! I'm very confident about my tolerance to alcohol. I will still be as sober as judge after drinking three bottles of beer
  + No! Only 3 glasses of beer can make me drunk. In contrast, my friend John can drink like a fish without getting drunk

- What can you do to feel better when you're drunk
  + A cup of hot ginger tea will help us feel better if we get drunk
  + My wife often cooks me some porridge and gives me a glass of coconut juice to help me cure the hangover

- Why do many men love to go for a drink?
  + Maybe they love the feeling of sipping their beer while talking with their friend
  + Many men love going for a drink because it can help them relieve stress. This is just like women love shopping

- Why do women often hate their husbands going for a drink?
  + Because after going for a drink, their husbands often come home blink drunk and vomit
  + Maybe they are worried that their husbands will get drunk and cause an accident.