## Topic: How do you start your morning routine

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be up to one's eyeballs in something (idiom)
  + to be very busy with something
  + I'm up to my eyeballs in reports

- On point (idiom)
  + as good as it could be, perfect
  + My hair was on point

- Routine (noun)
  + a usual or fixed way of doing things
  + Most companies insure property and equipment against damage or theft as a matter of routine

- Essential (adj)
  + necessary or needed
  + Government support will be essential if the project is to succeed

- Diet (noun)
  + the food and drink ate or drunk by a person or group
  + Diet varies between different countries in the world

- Rush (noun)
  + a situation in which you have to hurry or move somewhere quickly
  + Slow down! What's the rush?

- Recharge one's energy (verb phrase)
  + to get the power and ability to be physically and mentally active
  + A few push-ups help him recharge his energy

- Skip breakfast (verb phrase)
  + to not have a meal eaten in the morning as the first meal of the day
  + Skipping breakfast is not good for your health

### 2. Outline
- At what time do you usually wake up?
  + During the week, I will wake up at 7 a.m. On the weekends, it depend on whether I have plans or not
  + Usually it's about 8 a.m, sometimes later if I'm tired or don't have school that day

- How do you start your morning routine?
  + I begin my morning routine by exercising. It's a great way to recharge your energy
  + I often start with brushing my teeth. If I have more free time, I will take a quick shower

- Do you often skip breakfast?
  + No, I don't. My mom says that breakfast is an essential part of our diet, so we must not skip it.
  + If I woke up late or was in a rush, I had no choice but to skip breakfast. Otherwise, I would be in trouble with my boss!

- How much time do you spend getting dressed?
  + I would say about half an hour, and that includes ironing my clothes already
  + It usually takes me only about fifteen minutes or more since I don't wear makeup

- If you were late, which step of your morning routine would you skip?
  + I think I would have to skip doing exercises as I can do that later when I come home in the evening
  + There aren't too many steps in my routine, so my solution is to reduce the time spent on a step instead of skipping it

- What do you want to change about your morning routine?
  + I feel like it's not effective enough. However, I'm not so sure about the reason and still working on it
  + There's nothing I want to change about my routine. It is now on point to me

- How do you think your routine will change in the next 10 years
  + I have no idea, but I know that my routine will run smoothly once I'm in college as you don't have to show up on time!
  + I know my routine will become simpler when I grow up since adults are always up to their eyeballs!