## Topic: How is the happiness of a child different from that an adult

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be content with something (phrase)
  + pleased with your situation and not hoping for change or improvement
  + Lori would be content with things the way they were

- Be in a good mood (phrase)
  + feeling happy or pleasant
  + We're going to be in a good mood

- Lift one's spirits (verb phrase)
  + to make one feel happier or more carefree
  + The purpose of this charity is to lift children's spirits

- Suffer mental health issue (verb phrase)
  + to experience mental pain
  + Some people who already suffer from mental issues can become schizophrenic

- Quality time (noun phrase)
  + time what you spend with someone when you can give them all of your attention
  + We'd spent little quality time together

- Have a whale of a time (idiom)
  + to have a very good time
  + Come down to the common room, we're having a whale of a time playing beer pong

- Jump for joy (idiom)
  + to be extremely happy
  + Everyone was jumping for joy because they'd finally got the piece they'd been searching for years

- Complicated (adj)
  + involving a lot of different parts, in a way that is difficult to understand
  + I had to fill in this really complicated form

- Effect (noun)
  + the result of a particular influence
  + I tried taking tablets for the headache but they didn't have any effect

- Mental health (noun)
  + the condition of someone's mind and whether or not they are suffering from any mental illness
  + Laughing is good for your mental health.

### 2. Outline
- What do you think "happiness" is?
  + I guess it'a feeling that we get when we're content with something, for example when we're doing something we enjoy
  + I think happiness is simply the feeling when we achieve our goal

- What do you like to do when you are happy?
  + I'd like to share my success and feelings with my family or friends when I'm happy
  + Well, when I'm in a good mood, I usually hang out with my friends. We will have a whale of time together

- Is it easy to be happy for you?
  + Well, I'm afraid that it's not at this time. I still have many things that I worry about
  + Yes, simple things in life such as a good meal, nice shoes and great friends are enough to lift my spirits

- What's the difference between the happiness of children and that of adults?
  + Well, I think while children enjoy small things such as toys, favorite food or picnics, adults will be happy when they achieve their goals
  + I think children's happiness is simple because, most of the time, they know exactly what they want. But, adults' happiness is a lot more complicated

- Are children happier now than in the past?
  + Well, it's a tough question to answer. I think children are always happy, no matter now or in the past
  + 