## Topic: What happens when you stay single for too long

### 1. Vocabulary
- Out of nowhere (idiom)
  + very suddenly and unexpectedly
  + Ex: She said her attacker seemed to come out of nowhere

- Hand in hand (idiom)
  + holding each other's hand
  + Ex: I saw them walking hand in hand through town the other day

- What nonsense (phrase)
  + an idea, somethign said or written, or behavior that is silly or stupid
  + Ex: Tyrone has a girlfriend? What nonsense!

- Personal interest (noun phrase)
  + activities enjoyed in a person's free time
  + Ex: I start with a declaration of personal interest

- Commitment (noun)
  + willingness to give your time and energy to a job, activity, or something that you believe in
  + Ex: I'd like to thank the staff for having shown such commitment

- Will (noun): ý chí
  + the mental power used to control and direct your thoughts and actions, or a determination to do something, despite any difficulties or opposition
  + Ex: From an early age she had a very strong will

- Cliche (noun): 
  + a saying or remark that is very often made is therefore not original and not interesting
  + Ex: My wedding day - and I know it's a cliche - was just the happinest day of my life

- Cuddle (verb):
  + to put your arms around someone and hold him or her in a loving way, or of two people, to hold each other close for affection or comfort
  + She cuddled the baby in her arms

- Least (adj)
  + less than anything or anyone else; the smallest amount or number
  + Ex: This group is the least likely of the four to win

### 2. Outline
- Are you taken now or are you still single?
  + Well, I'll be honest. I have been single for 3 years now. I am very confused about whether I should get into a relationship or be the way I am
  + I've been with my amazing girlfriend for almost six months now. However, before that, I had been a confirmed single person for 4 years

- How is the feeling of being single for a long time?
  + For me, it's not a big deal, I have been used to it. However, I do sometimes feel lonely when seeing couples hands in hands, or cudding, especially in this cold weather
  + Well, it totally depends how a person takes it. For me, it is the golden period for self growth, to practice self love and to be clear about seeking for a new relationship

- What happens when you stay single for too long?
  + I think, when you've been on your own for a while, your standards in the dating world tend to be stricter. Also, it would make you get used to being single, resulting in laziness for dating
  + It would build up commitment fear. When you get used to being alone for so long, you may not want another person to come into your life and mess with your habits and personal interests

- Can being single be unhealthy?
  + What nonsense! Being single doesn't mean being alone and it can affect your health, both mental and physical
  + Maybe, I guess, if the situation lasts for too long. Some studies show that being single causes depression, anxiety and a reduced will to live

- How do you get ready for a new relationship after being single for a long time
  + If you think you might want a new relationship soon, spend time getting to know yourself and allowing yourself to be whoever you want. You might find, like many people have, that this sets the perfect stage for love
  + You don't have to do anything. The old cliche that you find someone when you're least looking is, in my experience, very true. Out of nowhere, love will come for you, in time.