## Topic: Are you easily persuaded in an argument

### 1. Vocabulary
- See eye to eye with (idiom): đồng tình
  + to share the same views as somebody about something
  + Ex: My sisters don't see eye to eye with me about the arrangements

- Shift one's mindset (verb phrase): thay đổi tư duy
  + to change the opinion
  + Ex: It's extraordinary how hard it is to shift the mindset of the public and the press

- Stick to one's viewpoint (verb phrase): giữ vững quan điểm
  + not to change the way of thinking
  + Ex: He always sticks to his viewpoint about that issue

- Argue (verb): tranh luận, tranh cãi
  + to speak angrily to someone, telling that person that you disagree with them
  + Ex: They were arguing about which film to go and see

- Opponent (noun): đối thủ
  + a person who disagrees with something and speaks against it or tries to change it
  + Ex: Today she faces her toughest opponent on Center Court

- Evidence (noun): bằng chứng
  + one or more reasons for believing that something is or is not true
  + Ex: There is no scientific evidence to suggest that underwater briths are dangerous

- Reasoning (noun): lập luận
  + the process of thinking about things in a logical way; opinions and ideas that are based on logical thinking
  + Ex: I cannot accept the reasoning that led the trial court to its decision

- Standpoint (noun): quan điểm
  + a set of benefits and ideas from which opinions and decisions are formed
  + Ex: He looks at things from a technological standpoint

- Persuade (verb): thuyết phục
  + to make someone do or believe something by giving them a good reason to do it or by talking to that person and making them believe it
  + Ex: If she doesn't want to go, nothing you can say with persuade her

- Speak up (phrasal verb): lên tiếng
  + to express your opinion
  + Ex: If you disagree, please speak up

### 2. Outline
- Do you often take part in arguments?
  + Yes. I often have an argument with those who don't see eye to eye with me
  + No. I'm not good at communication, so I hate to express my opinions or thoughts

- Are you easily persuaded in an argument?
  + Yes. It is easy to make me shift my mindset if my opponent has clear evidence and reasoning
  + No. Persuading me to change my mind is really a challenge. I always stick to my viewpoint and fight till the end

- Why is argumentative skills important?
  + Argumentative skills help us to clarify our thoughts and protect our standpoint
  + Arguing and persuading are necessary skills for us to speak up and define ourselves

- How do we develop good argumentative skills?
  + We should read newspapers and online news websites to enhance knowledge about hot events in the world
  + We should spend time doing research and collecting evidence about the topic carefully

- What do you do when you know that you are wrong in an argument?
  + That never happens to me because I only engage in an argument when I'm sure that I am right
  + I admit my misunderstanding and try to end the argument in a jokey way

- Are you sad when you are a loser in an argument?
  + No. I think winning or losing in an argument doesn't matter. The most important thing is that you know you are wrong and change it to be better
  + Of course yes. I feel like I am not as good and intelligent as my opponent

- How do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you say?
  + I feel like I am invisible to that person and of course my relationship with them starts to break down
  + I feel that they don't respect me at all and I don't want to talk with them any more.