## Topic: What can you do to boost your intelligence

### 1. Vocabulary
- Learn the ropes (idiom): học việc
  + to learn/know how to do a job or activity
  + Ex: Once I learn the ropes at my new job, I won't be so nervous and I'll be very good at the work I do

- Tackle problems (phrase): giải quyết vấn đề
  + to solve the problem
  + Ex: Bringing aviation into a carbon trading system is the only sane way to tackle the problem

- Stimulate one's brain (phrase): kích hoạt trí não
  + to encourage the brain to begin or develop further
  + Ex: I frequently do IQ tests to activate and stimulate my brain

- Conviction (noun): niềm tin
  + a strong opinion or belief
  + Ex: We were sustained by the conviction that all would be well in the end

- Evaluation (noun): sự đánh giá
  + the act of forming an opinion of the amount, value or quality of something after thinking about it carefully
  + Ex: The technique is not widely practiced and requires further evaluation

- Perceive (verb): nhận thức thấy
  + to notice or become aware of something
  + Ex: I perceived a change in his behavior

- Honor (verb): 
  + to do something that shows great respect for somebody/something
  + Ex: The President honored us with a personal visit

- Charming (adj): hấp dẫn
  + very pleasant or attractive
  + Ex: She's a charming person

- Devise (verb): nghĩ ra sáng kiến mới
  + to invent something new or new way of doing something
  + Ex: A new system has been devised to control traffic in the city

- Innovation (noun): sáng kiến, đổi mới
  + the introduction of new things, ideas or ways doing something
  + Ex: The company is very interested in product design and innovation

### 2. Outline
- Are you intelligent?
  + Yes! When I was a student, I could solve all the challenging questions
  + It's hard to know, right? But maybe not! I cannot invent anything. I just learned the ropes to working under instructions

- How do you know your intelligence level?
  + I use the IQ test. I get an IQ of 120 but I don't have a firm conviction on this evaluation
  + People around me told me about that or I can perceive my intelligence

- Who is the most intelligent people that you know and admire?
  + My best friend, Thong, is an IT genius. He works for an international corporation now
  + I have a strong admiration for many scientists, especially those who invent vaccines

- What are the benefits of being intelligent?
  + You will be honored and assigned esstential skills
  + It cannot be denied that intelligent people are charming. They are likely to have a huge circle of friends

- What can you do to increase your intelligent?
  + I work out regularly. I play many intellectual games such as puzzles or brain ones
  + I frequently do IQ tests to activate and stimulate my brain

- Is intelligence the most important determinant of success?
  + Definitely! That is a gift. Intelligent people have their own effective ways to tackle problems and devise new innovations
  + I think it's just an optional factor. We can learn and gain knowledge and experience to be successful

- Which one is more important: IQ or EQ?
  + I think EQ is more important. They way you treat other people, establish and maintain helpful relationships will bring you something more important than success
  + I think both are important but not necessary because people can improve their IQ and EQ through lessons they learned in their life