## Topic: Why are many people not satisfied with their life

### 1. Vocabulary
- Bring home the bacon (idiom): kiếm sống
  + supply material provision or support; earn a living
  + Ex: I have to go to work because it brings home the bacon

- Enjoy one's life to the fullest (verb phrase): tận hưởng cuộc sống trọn vẹn nhất
  + overcoming all your fears and simply enjoying each and every moment of your life
  + Ex: He was one guy who lived life to the fullest

- The rat race (phrase): vòng quay hối hả của cuộc sống
  + a way of life in modern society, in which people compete with each other for power and money
  + Ex: He decided to get out of the rat race, and went to work on a farm

- Treasure (verb): trân trọng
  + to have or keep something that you love and that you love and that is extremely valuable to you
  + Ex: I treasure his friendship

- Stressed (adj): áp lực
  + too anxious and tired to be able to relax
  + Ex: He was feeling very stressed and tired

- Amenity (noun): tiện nghi
  + a feature or service that makes a place pleasant, comfortable or easy to live in
  + The campsite is close to all local amenities

- Wealthy (adj): thịnh vượng
  + having a lot of money, possessions, etc
  + The deal is about to make him a very wealthy man

- Strive (verb): khao khát
  + to try very hard to achieve something
  + They were always striving towards perfection

- Crave (verb): thèm khát
  + to have a very strong desire for something
  + They craved to return to their homeland

- Greed (noun): lòng tham
  + a strong desire for more wealth, possessions, power, etc. than a person needs
  + His actions were motivated by greed

### 2. Outline
- Are you satisfied with your life?
  + No! I haven't gained any outstanding achievements like my friends
  + Yes! I treasure everything, every moment in my life

- How do you know that you are (not) satisfied with your life?
  + I don't feel content or pleased after waking up and falling asleep
  + I don't feel stressed about bringing home bacon

- What do you want to change in your life?
  + I want to buy a house which is spacious and full of amenities
  + I want to obtain a higher social status and to be wealthy

- Why are many people not satisfied with their life?
  + They are busy imitating other people's lives. They always strive to become glamorous like celebrities
  + They cannot figure out what they really want. They always crave many things other people have

- How do people learn to be satisfied with their life?
  + They must figure out what their desires are rather than pursuing others'
  + They must stay focused on themselves. Do things that make them joyful, not ones making other people admire or respect

- Which factors make people satisfied?
  + Financial condition, of course. When people have enough money, they will freely enjoy their life to the fullest
  + THey must know when enough is enough. Their greed is the key reason for their dissatisfaction

- Are people nowadays more satisfied than those in the past?
  + Although the quality of life is improving, people seem to be less satisfied than ever before due to the presence of social media
  + No! These days, people are easily pulled into the rat race to earn a great deal of money!