## Topic: Has your salary ever arrived late?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Receive payment (verb phrase): nhận thanh toán của ai
  + to be given to earn an amount of money paid
  + Ex: The members are elected for five years and receive payment for their services

- Big deal (idiom): chuyện to tát
  + something important
  + Ex: Going to college is still a big deal

- Quit (verb): từ bỏ
  + to stop doing something or leave a job or a place
  + Ex: Would you quit your job if you inherited lots of money?

- Delay (verb): trì hoãn
  + to make something happen at a later time than originally planned or expected
  + Ex: My plane was delayed by an hour

- Apology (noun): lời xin lỗi
  + an act of saying that you are sorry for something wrong you have done
  + Ex: I have an apology to make to you - I'm afraid I opened your letter by mistake

- Patient (adj): kiên nhẫn
  + having patience
  + Ex: Dinner will be ready in half an hour - just be patient!

- Commitment (noun): cam kết
  + a promise or firm decision to do something
  + Ex: Players must make a commitment to play for a full season

- Salary (noun): lương
  + a fixed amount of money agreed every year as pay for an employee, usually paid directly into his or her bank account every month
  + Ex: His net monthly salary is $2,500

- Compensate (verb): đền bù
  + to pay someone money in exchange for something that has been lost or damaged or for some problem
  + Ex: Victims of the crash will be compensated for their injuries

- On time (adv): đúng giờ
  + punctual, punctually
  + Ex: The train was on time

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever received your salary late?
  + Yes, I have - it happened just last month. I was supposed to receive my salary on August 30th, not September 15th
  + Luckily, I haven't. I always receive my payment on time

- If yes, how late was it?
  + It was a couple of days and I had to eat instant noodles for those days
  + It was a week late. Luckily, it was a big deal as I'd had my savings

- How did it feel to receive your salary late?
  + I was so angry to know that my salary was delayed. I also got to feed my family, you know
  + The company had some financial problems, so I was okay with that

- Were your coworkers in the same situation
  + Yes, they were all furious
  + Just some of them

- What did you do to resolve the problem?
  + I talked to my manager to see what I could do. But, she said that the only thing I could do was to be patient
  + How could I do anything but keep waiting

- How did your company compensate for you?
  + They just gave an apology
  + My boss said that he would give each one of us an extra day off for the next month, which was reasonable

- Do you think it's illegal to pay employees late?
  + Even though it's wrong. I don't think it's illegal to pay employees late, at least in Vietnam
  + It is, in some countries. The employees should always receive their salary on time, not even one day late

- What should employees do when they are regularly paid late?
  + Employees must jointly ask the company to make a commitment to pay salary on time
  + If it were me, I would just quit my job. Imagine working hard throughout the month but not getting your money on time!