## Topic: Your manager might not be "technically as good as" you! But so what?!!?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Go to extra mile (idiom): cố gắng nỗ lực
  + to make more effort than is expected of you
  + Ex: He's a nice guy, always ready to go the extra mile for his friends

- Tackle a problem (verb phrase): giải quyết vấn đề
  + to solve a problem
  + Ex: We need to tackle a problem as soon as possible

- Stick to a plan (verb phrase): theo sát kế hoạch
  + to follow a plan strictly
  + Ex: You need to stick a plan when doing a project

- Flexible (adj): linh hoạt
  + able to change or be changed easily according to the situation
  + Ex: My schedule is flexible - I could arrange to meet with you any day next week

- Techinical skill (noun phrase): kỹ năng chuyên môn
  + a skill relating to the knowledge and methods of a particular subject or job
  + Ex: There are many things you can do to improve your techinical skills

- Conceptual skill (noun phrase): kỹ năng bao quát, tổng hợp
  + a form of soft skills that aid your critical thinking and your ability to see the big picture in complex situations
  + Ex: A person with strong conceptual skills may excel at creative thinking

- Expertise (noun): tính chuyên môn
  + a high level of knowledge or skill
  + Ex: I have no expertise in sewing

- Inevitable (adj): không thể tránh khỏi
  + certain to happen and unable to be avoided or prevented
  + Ex: The accident was the inveitable consequence

- Vision (noun): Tầm nhìn
  + the ability to imagine how a country, society, industry, etc. could develop in the future and to plan for this
  + Ex: There's a lack of leadership, a lack of vision, and a lack of organization in the industry as a whole

- Title (noun): danh xưng, chức danh
  + a word that is used before someone's name, stating their social rank, qualifications, position in an organization
  + Ex: What's her title - is she Professor or Doctor?

### 2. Outline
- Use one word to describe your manager
  + My manager is really STRICT! Last week, he yelled at me for not meeting the deadline
  + My boss is an angel. She treats everyone equally!

- What do you like the most about your manager
  + I love the fact that she always sticks to the plan. And she's really flexible when tackling problems
  + My manager knows his employees very well. I'm pretty impressed

- Is there anything you don't like
  + To be honest, there are some things regarding technical stuff that my boss doesn't know really well
  + There is one! Sometimes, my manager doesn't remember what he says

- Do you think your manager is technically as good as you?
  + To some extent! I do think so!
  + Not really! Because he was my mentor when I was an intern. So of course, his expertise is great!

- Do you think it's fair to let a person who isn't technically as good as you be a manager?
  + Well! Of course that feeling is inevitable. But what can I do?
  + I don't think so because it requires a lot to be a manager

- What qualities should a manager have?
  + Conceptual skills are very important when being a manager
  + Of course, techinical skills are essential. Besides, you need to have a broad vision

- Do you want to become a mangager?
  + Yes. I do. But I still need to go the extra mile
  + Well! That's just a title. What really matters is what we contribute