## Topic: Do you think failures can contribute to a person's success

### 1. Vocabulary
- Lay the foundation for (idiom): đặt nền móng cho
  + to produce the basic ideas or structures from which something much larger develops
  + Ex: He helped to lay the foundation for English drama

- Learn from one's mistake (verb phrase): rút kinh nghiệm từ sai lầm
  + to understand what you did wrong and make sure that you don't do it again
  + Ex: Learn from your mistake, change and come back in four years

- Life lesson (noun phrase): bài học cuộc đời
  + something from which useful knowledge or principles can be learned
  + Ex: Unsurprisingly, they learn valuable life lessons along the way

- Well-being (noun): sự hạnh phúc
  + the state of feeling healthy and happy
  + Ex: People doing yoga benefit from an increased feeling of well-being

- Improvement (n): sự cải thiện
  + an occasion when something gets better or when you make it better
  + Ex: He's been having treatment for two months now without any improvement

- Firm (noun): công ty
  + a company offering a professional service
  + Ex: He works for a law firm called Neil and Vigliano

- Thoughtful (adj): cẩn thận
  + carefully considering things
  + Ex: He has a thoughtful approach to his work

- Resolve (verb): giải quyết
  + to solve or end a problem or difficulty
  + Ex: Have you resolved the problem of transport yet?

- Official (adj): chính thức
  + relating to a position of responsibility
  + Ex: He visited China in his official capacity as America's trade representative

### 2. Outline
- Is success important to you?
  + Success provides confidence, security, and a sense of well-being. In short, yes, it is important to me and I think it's also true to other people
  + I think being happy with what you do in your life is more important than anything

- Have you ever had any failures?
  + Yes, I failed miserably in a project that I worked on due to some mistakes in financial calculation
  + Yes but not many. I failed to grab the opporunity to study in one of the best universities in the USA

- Do you think failures can contribute to a person's success?
  + Definitely yes, it will help you understand and learn from those mistakes so that you can solve them in the future
  + Yes, failure will teach you how to resolve those situations and lay the foundation for imporvement

- Have there been any failures that made your life better?
  + I used to fail to enter a famous company but it is also a chance for me to become an official member in a better firm
  + Every failure is a life lesson that I always value in my life

- What did you learn from your failures?
  + One of life's greatest lessons learned through failure is the ability to become more thoughtful and careful with that I have
  + Failure allows me to identify my blind spots. Ideally, it helps me avoid making the same mistake twice