## Topic: Do you think local business are important for a neighborhood?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be densely populated (phrase): dân cư đông đúc
  + with a lot of people
  + Ex: Japan is one of the most densely populated countries in the world

- A combination of something (phrase): sự kết hợp giữa cái gì
  + a mixture of things
  + Ex: A fantasic combination of colors

- In a nutshell (idiom): nói một cách ngắn gọn
  + Using as few words as possible
  + Ex: In a nutshell, we will run out of cash in three months' time

- Commercial complex (noun phrase): tổ hợp thương mại
  + a building or buildings on a property or adjoining properties, under one ownership or the ownership of a condominium corporation, containing one or more commercial business and which may include, in addition, residential uses
  + Ex: They provide a shopping experience under one roof, and most well-known companies have a location in such a huge commercial complex

- Resident (noun): cư dân
  + a person who lives or has their home in a place
  + Ex: The local residents were angry at the lack of parking spaces

- Amenity (noun): tiện ích
  + something, such as a swimming pool or shopping center, that is intended to make life more pleasant or comfortable for the people in a town, hotel, or another place
  + Ex: The council has some spare cash, which it proposes to spend on public amenities

- Family-run (adj): điều hành bởi gia đình
  + a company owned and operated by a family
  + Ex: Situated in the village of Xewkija, Divers Lodge is a family-run guest house where you will enjoy a warm welcome
  
- Competitive (adj): mang tính cạnh tranh
  + wanting very much to win or be more successful than other people
  + Ex: You're very competitive - it's meant to be friendly match!

- Foster (verb): phát triển
  + to encourage the development or growth of ideas of feelings
  + Ex: I'm trying to foster an interest in classical music in my children

### 2. Outline
- Can you describe your neighborhood?
  + I live in typical working-class neighborhood. It can be a little crowded at times, and the local community is densely populated, but it is very friendly
  + My neighborhood is very middle-class. There are many tree-lined streets and it is very clean. It is also safe at night and very quiet

- What types of local businesses are there in your neighborhood?
  + Well, I live in more of a combination of a residential and commercial area. So the restaurants, gift shops, dentists, hospitals, electronic shops, grocery shops and so on are just a few steps away from my house
  + Just as other typical neighborhoods in Vietnam, mine is full of local street food stalls and family-run grocery stores. I only need to walk 2 minutes to the nearest food stall, for example, to get a Banh mi

- What kinds of local businesses are there most popular in Vietnam?
  + Well, have a guess, beauty salons, hairdressers, and babers. You'll notice one or two on each corner if you go down any given street
  + Family-run grocery stores are easily seen along the streets. To be honest, for every 100 meters, there is a local grocery store. It's kind of a thing here

- Do you think local business are important for a neighborhood?
  + Yes, I believe local business are important for a neighborhood and its residents. It's convenient to have the necessary amenities and services nearby as it saves citizen's valuable time. Morever, it creates employment opporunities for many and fosters our economy
  + They, in my opinion, perform an important role. Local businesses assist in solving unemployment rates among persons whose educational backgrounds are pretty basic and who are unable to be employed by larger organizations

- How do large shopping malls and commercial centers affect small local businesses?
  + They provide a shopping experience under one roof, and most well-known companies have a location in such a huge commercial complex. As a result, buyers prefer to visit these large retail complexes rather than local stores around a neighborhood
  + In the integration era, It's reasonable that consumers would want to buy in a contemporary site that provides greater security, amenities, and entertainment options. In a nutshell, this tendency makes local businesses less competitive than ever before, and more and more of them are disappearing.