## Topic: What's a popular opinion that you strongly disagree with

### 1. Vocabulary
- Understand the hype (verb phrase): hiểu được sức hút (của thứ gì)
  + to know about a situation in which something is advertised and discussed a lot of in newspapers, on television, etc. in order to attract everyone's interest
  + Ex: I don't understand the hype about leggings

- Beg to differ (verb phrase): không đồng tình
  + to disagree
  + Ex: I beg to differ, Mr Jones. I think it's brilliant

- Overrated (adj): đánh giá quá cao
  + if something or someone is overrated, that person or thing is considered to be better or more important than they really are
  + Ex: In my opinion, she's a hugely overrated singer

- Superior (adj): khinh người, thượng đẳng
  + a superior person believes that or acts as if they are better than other people
  + Ex: I can't stand Amanda - she's so superior

- Dislike (verb): không thích
  + to not like someone or something
  + Ex: Why do you dislike her so much?

- Trendy (adj): thời thượng
  + modern and influenced by the most recent fashions or ideas
  + Ex: He writes for some trendy magazine for the under-30s

- Get into something (phrasal verb): có hứng thú với gì đó
  + to become interested in an activity or subject, or start being involved in an activity
  + Ex: She's been getting into yoga recently - she does three classes a week

- Follow suit (idiom): làm theo, bắt chước
  + to do the same thing
  + Ex: When one airline reduces its ticket prices, the rest usually follow suit

- Over the top (idiom): lố bịch
  + too extreme and not suitable, or demanding too much attention or effort, especially in an uncontrolled way
  + Ex: I thought the decorations were way over the top

### 2. Outline
- What's a popular opinion that you strongly disagree with?
  + Call me whatever you want, but I have to say this: Kpop isn't as good as it used to be anymore
  + Well, it's probably that summer is the best season. I find winter far more pleasant

- Why do you disagree with that opinion?
  + I feel like he's too overrated. Sure, he's good-looking, he can sing well, but many other guys can do that as well
  + I beg to differ because Starbucks drinks are so bad! I can even make a better cup of coffee by myself!

- Who else also disagrees with that opinion?
  + It's a friend of mine. Just like me, she dislikes their music and doesn't understand the hype with them
  + My sister also agrees that Harry Styles is kind of over the top. We genuinely don't know thy girls like him

- How do you feel to have a different opinion than most people?
  + I'm honestly glad that I never get into it. Nowadays, I feel like people just follow suit when it comes to trendy stuff

- Is it true that people tend to dislike popular things more?
  + Well, it is true somehow. It makes them appear cooler or more superior than other people
  + Hell no! If I dislike something, it is simply because I don't like it - it has nothing to do with how popular it is!