## Topic: MoneyTalk! Is saving money before 30 a really good choice!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Put someone at risk (verb phrase): đặt ai vào tình thế nguy hiểm hoặc một nguy cơ nào đó
  + to endanger someone or something
  + Ex: You're put our entire business at risk with this ridiculous scheme!

- Make one's mark (idiom): làm một điều gì đó thành công, "ra gì và này nọ"
  + to do something that will be remembered or that makes one famous or successful
  + Ex: I believe that she will make her mark in her singing career

- Take something into account (idiom): cân nhắc điều gì thật kĩ
  + to consider something very carefully
  + Ex: I hope my teacher will take into account the fact that I was ill just before the exams when she marks my paper

- On the verge of (idiom): có nguy cơ
  + If you are on the verge of something or come to the verge of something, you are very close to experiencing it
  + Ex: Her husband's violent and abusive behavior drove her to verge of despair

- Self-development (noun): phát triển bản thân
  + the process in which a person grows or changes and becomes more advanced through their own efforts
  + Ex: The graduates stressed the value of their courses for self-development

- Stable income (noun phrase): thu nhập ổn định
  + money that is earned from doing work or received from investments that is not likely to change
  + Ex: I don't have any stable income

- Broke (adj): hết tiền
  + without money
  + Ex: I can't afford to go on holiday this year - I'm broke

- Demand (noun): nhu cầu
  + a need
  + Ex: There was little demand for tickets

- Finance management (noun phrase): quản lý tài chính
  + the practice of handling one's money
  + Ex: I think finance management is what we all should learn

### 2. Outline
- What do you want to achieve by the age of 30?
  + I want a lot. One of them is to become a manager of my current company. I want to make my mark by that time
  + I hope I'll do something influential by the age of 30. Maybe I'll become a micro-influencer

- How important is money when it comes to achieving what you have just shared?
  + It's not the most important thing. But I need a lot of money for self-development if I want to reach my professional goal before 30
  + It's very important because once I don't have a stable income, I need a safety net underneath, which is savings

- Is saving money before 30 a really good choice?
  + I think saving, at any age, has always been and will always be a smart choice. Because we never know what bad is gonna happen to us
  + Well... Saving is OK, but don't push it too far. Before 30 is the time for us to gain experience and try new things

- Why do many young pepple don't have any savings even though they have worked for so long?
  + Because they spend on what they don't really need. Finance management is what young people should learn in order not to be on the verge of being broke
  + Because they don't save money! They put themselves at risk

- How can we balance between SAVING and PLAYING before 30?
  + It depends on each person. But my tip is to divide your income into many small parts
  + I want to make clear that people of any age should save. But please take your basket of demands into account to decide how much to save.