## Topic: Would you like to give up your career to pursue a new one?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Rebuid something from scratch (verb phrase): bắt đầu lại từ con số 0
  + to start something all over again
  + Ex: You are really brave when rebuilding your career from scratch

- Pursue a career (verb phrase): theo đuổi sự nghiệp
  + to try so hard to achieve something in one's career
  + Ex: He decided to pursue a career in television

- In the long run (idiom): về lâu về dài
  + at a time that is far away in the future
  + Ex: It seems a lot of effort but I'm sure it's the best solution in the long run

- At all costs (idiom): bằng mọi giá
  + if something must be done or avoided at all costs, it must be done or avoided whatever happens
  + Ex: Security during the president's visit must be maintained at all costs

- Recognition (noun): sự công nhận
  + adminiration and respect for one's achievements
  + Ex: Elia complained that the company never gave her any recognition for her work

- Passion (noun): đam mê
  + something that you are strongly interested in and enjoy
  + Ex: She has two passions in life - her cats and opera

- Give up (phrasal verb): từ bỏ
  + to stop doing something before you have finished it
  + Ex: I've given up trying to help her

- Struggling (adj): chật vật, khổ sở
  + unsuccessful but trying hard to succeed
  + Ex: It's the story of a struggling artist who marries a rich woman

- Bloom (verb): nở rộ, thành công
  + to grow or develop successfully
  + Ex: Rimbaud's poetic genius bloomed early

### 2. Outline
- What do you do for a living?
  + I am currently working as a project manager for an foreign company. I've been doing this job for 3 years already
  + I am just a normal person who has a nine-to-five job. To describe my job, it's all about ideas, clients and feedback

- What do you expect to achieve in your career?
  + I really want to think of an idea that will bring my project to another level. And I really want to receive much more recognition from other people
  + In the near future, I want to have a high position in my current company. And in the long run, I want to run my own business, maybe an ad agency

- Would you like to give up your career to pursue a new one?
  + Well. This is a really hard question because I don't want to give up my blooming career to rebuild everything from scratch
  + If that is my passion, and I do earn enough money, then I would pursue it at all costs

- Do you think that is a smart decision?
  + I can't judge because: their careers, their choice! Just do whatever you feel comfortable with
  + I don't want to say whether it is smart or not. But there's one thing I know for sure, this is a risky choice. I can sink or swim

- What should we prepare before switching careers?
  + We need to be financially well-prepared because if you fail, then you'll be struggling a lot
  + Before changing your career, you need to make sure that you have enough knowledge of what you're going to do, whether it is your passion or not