## Topic: Luck is a skill itself

### 1. Vocabulary
- Strike it lucky (idiom): bỗng dưng gặp may
  + to suddenly have a lot of unexpected luck
  + Ex: What would you do if you struck it lucky in the national lottery?

- A stroke of luck (noun phrase): sự may mắn (nhấn mạnh)
  + a single successful action or event thanks to luck
  + Ex: It was a stroke of luck that I found you here

- Play a crucial role (verb phrase): đóng vai trò quan trọng
  + important or essential
  + Ex: She played a crucial role in the negotiations

- Strive (verb): cố gắng đạt được
  + to try very hard to do something or to make something happen, especially for a long time or against difficulties
  + Ex: Mr Roe has kindled expectations that he must now strive to live up to

- Exploit (verb): khai thác
  + to use something in a way that helps you
  + Ex: We need to make sure that we exploit our resources as fully as possible

- Admit (verb): thừa nhận
  + to agree that something is true, especially unwillingly
  + Ex: He admitted his guili/mistake

- Persistence (noun): sự kiên trì
  + the fact that someone or something persists
  + Ex: Most financial analysts have been surprised by the persistence of the recession

- Come across (phrasal verb): tình cờ
  + to find something by chance
  + Ex: He came across some of his old love letters in his wife's desk

- Temporary (adj): tạm thời
  + not lasting or needed for very long
  + Ex: The ceasefire will only provide a temporary solution to the crisis

### 2. Outline
- What was a time that you felt lucky?
  + In the last exam, some questions were too hard so I could just trust in luck. But surprisingly, I struck it lucky and my answers were all correct
  + Well, It was a stroke of luck that I came across some cash on my way home from work just last week

- Do you think success comes from luck or hard work?
  + I think luck gives you success directly but without hard work, that success is just temporary. There is no success if hard work is not there and if there is no hard work and only luck then the individual may not be able to strive that success for long
  + Both would be perfect, in my opinion. Persistence surely can lead you to success, but not 100%. A little bit of luck is like a last touch to complete your success

- Is luck considered a skill?
  + For me, I would certainly consider it that. You need a certain level of talent to be able to exploit those lucky opportunities. However, I think it's not a skill that you spend time cultivating to have, it's more like a granted skill
  + No, it's not. If it were a skill, it would not be called "luck", would it? Luck is a concern of chance

- Does luck play a role in life?
  + Luck plays a far bigger role in life than we're willing to admit. In fact, it exists in every of our daily activities that you might not have noticed
  + It certainly does. Everyone needs a bit of luck in their lives. It's like an element that makes your life more complete

- Do you think being lucky is an advantage?
  + Yes! It will be like you have a pair of wings that will help us in many situations
  + Not always! If we are too lucky, others may look down on our success. Moreover, it makes people rely on it. I agree that luck plays a crucial role in life success but luck doesn't always come in our way.