## Topic: What makes Vietnamese street beer become one of the national drinks?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Quench someone's thirst (idiom): làm giảm cơn khát
  + to cause oneself/someone to stop feeling thirsty
  + Ex: He quenched his thirst by drinking a bottle of water

- For a change (phrase): đổi gió
  + contrary to how things usually happen; for variety
  + Ex: It's nice to be pampered for a change

- Street beer (noun phrase): bia hơi
  + beer made using traditional methods in small, independent breweries
  + Ex: For me, munchy food goes best with street beer

- Refreshing (adj): tươi mát
  + making you feel les hot or tired
  + Ex: There's nothing more refreshing on a hot day than a cold beer

- Sidewalk (noun): vỉa hè
  + a path with a hard surface on one or both sides of a road, that people walk on
  + Ex: Keep on the sidewalk, Rosie, there's a good girl

- Deep-fried (adj): chiên giòn
  + fried in a deep pan in which it is completely covered by oil
  + Ex: The noodles are long and flat, deep-fried, and dried

- Delicacy (noun): đặc sản
  + something especially good to eat
  + Ex: In some parts of the world, sheep's eyes are considered a great delicacy

- Peanut (noun): củ lạc
  + an oval-shaped seed of a plant, that grows understand in pairs inside a thin brown shell
  + Ex: Children can choke on peanuts

- Colleague (noun): đồng nghiệp
  + one of a group of people who work together
  + Ex: We're entertaining some colleagues of Carol's tonight

### 2. Outline
- What do you usually do to cool yourself down from the summer heat?
  + Definitely going for a swim or maybe I just chill out in my bedroom with A/C on
  + Normally, I hang out with my friends at cafes, but sometimes we go for a couple of beers for a change

- Do you like sipping on a glass of cold beer on the sidewalk
  + Who doesn't? A lot of people in my country, including myself, love to sit right on the sidewalk, indulge in some beer and gossip with friends. All of that would make my day
  + Not really. I can't drink too much alcohol. However, plenty of other people enjoy it, especially on boiling hot summer days

- What food do you think does well with Vietnamese street beer?
  + For me, munchy food goes best with Vietnamese street beer. A dish of roasted peanuts, deep-fried tofu, and any kinds of stir-fried vegetables, would be perfect. And then, "1...2...3,... Dzo"
  + Whenever my buddies and I go to a street beer stall, we usually start with some deep-fried tofu and dried squids, then some chicken wings and finish off the meal with fried rice

- Why is draught beer considered an awesome feature of Vietnamese culture?
  + I think because this drink is present in the local's everyday activities, as well as in other types of socializing, ranging from work and business to love life. Especially for those who have close and intimate relationships such as friends, colleagues or relatives
  + This is a cheap and simple "delicacy", everyone can gather around on the sidewalk and cheer for good life with cold beer

- Why does Vietnamese street beer attract foreign tourists so much?
  + It's cheap, it's refreshing and moreover, not only may foreign visitors enjoy a cold drink while observing the street, but they can also learn more about the people and culture of Vietnam via the stories of other Vietnamese customers
  + I believe thought it's a simple Vietnamese delicacy, it's packed with interesting insights on the country's history and drinking culture