## Topic: What are some good ways to cope with negative comments about you?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Deal with negative comments (verb phrase): đối phó với bình luận tiêu cực
  + to do something about what people say or write about you, especially if it's bad or harmful
  + Ex: What are some good ways to deal with negative comments about you?

- Leave a comment (verb phrase): để lại một lời bình luận
  + to say or write something to express your opinion
  + Ex: Feel free to do the usual blah and leave a comment when you have

- Exaggeration (noun): làm quá lên
  + the fact of making something seem larger, more important, better, or worse than it really is
  + Ex: Sal estimates over 60 people were there but I think that's a slight exaggeration

- Mock (verb): chế nhạo
  + to laugh at someone, often by copying them in a funny but unkind way
  + Ex: They were mocking him because he kept falling off his bike

- Bash (verb): chỉ trích thậm tệ
  + to criticize someone severely
  + Ex: He kept bashing local government officials

- Negative (adj): tiêu cực
  + bad or harmful
  + Ex: The warm winter has had a very negative effect/impact on the ski industry
  
- Numerous (adj): nhiều
  + many
  + Ex: We have dicussed these plans on numerous occasions

- Constructive (adj): có tính góp ý
  + if advice, criticism, or actions are constructive, they are useful and intended to help or improve something
  + Ex: She criticized my writing, but in a way that was very constructive

- Cyberbully (verb): bắt nạt trên không gian mạng
  + to use the internet to harm or frighten another person, especially by sending them unpleasant messages
  + Ex: It was reported that fans had cyber-bullied the singer

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever received any negative comments?
  + Yes, I have. There was a time when I posted a photo of myself on Facebook and my friends started leaving negative comments below
  + No, I have never received such comments. Besides, I have turned off the comments section on all my photos

- What were the comments about?
  + They mocked me about how much weight I had gained in just a few months. I was so embarrassed
  + My friends commented under my photos saying that I have such a long nose

- How did you feel to receive such comments?
  + I feel so bad about myself. I know I'm far from perfect but those comments are just too much, you know
  + To be honest, I did not care a damn! Those people don't have the right to bash something just because they don't like it

- What are some good ways to deal with negative comments about you?
  + To handle criticism from strangers online, just simply block their profile. We should waste no time with the haters
  + It's not difficult to deal with such negative comments. Just keep a cool head and think that those people are jealous of you.

- How can these comments affect people's mental health?
  + Those comments can make people belittle themselves, making them suffer from anxiety or depression
  + Such comments with certainly affect people's behavior. For example, if someone says you don't look skinny in your photos, chances are that you will skip meals.

- Is it true that there are too many negative comments on the Internet nowadays
  + Yes, you can see millions of negative comments on social media nowadays
  + No, it's an exaggeration to say so. I think positive comments have outnumbered the negative ones

- In some cases, can negative comments be beneficial?
  + Yes, it is. Sometimes a negative comment is not inhenrently bad. They can be constructive and give you some useful advice
  + Not, it isn't. It will cause numerous problems for Internet users and therefore we should address cyberbullying more properly