## Topic: Are tips common in your country?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Make one's day (idiom): làm cho ngày của ai đó tốt hơn
  + to cause someone's day to be pleasant or happy
  + Ex: Thanks for the compliment. You're made my day!

- Express one's gratitude (verb phrase): thể hiện lòng biết ơn
  + a feeling of appreciation or thanks
  + Ex: Let me express my sincere gratitude for all your help

- Life is giving and receiving (phrase): cuộc sống là cho đi và nhận lại
  + the meaning of life is to give and receive love
  + Ex: Let me express my sincere gratitude for all your help

- In a good mood (phrase): có tâm trạng tốt
  + If you are in a good mood, you feel cheerful
  + Ex: She is in an especially good mood today

- Give tips to sb (verb phrase): bo cho ai đó
  + to give someone who has provided you with a service an extra amount of money to thank them
  + Ex: Don't forget to give típ to the driver

- Delighted (adj): hạnh phúc
  + very pleased
  + Ex: I'd be delighted to come

- Service sector (noun): các nghành dịch vụ
  + the part of country's economy that is made up of businesses that provide services
  + Ex: He is looking for opporunities in the education and goverment services sectors

- Extraordinary (adj): đặc biệt
  + greater or better than usual
  + Ex: She was a truly extraordinary woman

- Positive energy (noun): năng lượng tích cực
  + the energy which is regarded as beneficial, encouraging, or productive
  + Ex: He was active, totally "with it" and full of positive energy

- Enthusiastic (adj): nhiệt tình
  + feeling or showing a lot of excitement and interest about somebody/something
  + Ex: You don't sound very enthusiastic about the idea

### 2. Outline
- Do you usually tip?
  + It depends. I only give tips when the service makes me satisfied and comfortable
  + No, I'm not used to giving tips

- Are tips common in your country?
  + No, it's not a part of my culture
  + It's quite common nowadays when Western culture was introduced to my country in the 20s

- How did the receiver react?
  + The nice action really makes their day
  + They expressed their gratitude and smiled happily

- How did you feel after giving tips?
  + Life is giving and receiving. I feel delighted too when I bring joy to other people
  + I didn't have any special feelings. I did it because many people did it

- When will you give tips?
  + When I am in a good mood and I want to share that positive energy with other people
  + I'm willing to give tips when the staff is old or enthusiatic to help me

- Where will you give tips?
  + Tip culture is common in the service sector, such as at restaurants, bars or hotels
  + I usually give tips to delivery men or drivers

- Is giving tips necessary?
  + Unlike many Western countries, giving tips is optional and unnecessary
  + If you are rich, giving tips is encouraged to help other people. Meanwhile, you can receive extraordinary service.