## Topic: Is Starbucks coffee overpriced?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Live up to one's expectations (verb phrase): đúng như mong đợi
  + to be as good as someone expects
  + Ex: This cup of coffee doesn't live up to my expectations

- Pour money down the drain (idiom): lãng phí tiền của
  + waste money
  + Ex: I don't know why you pour money down the drain on such useless things

- Overpriced (adj): quá đắt
  + too expensive
  + Ex: These shoes are very nice, but they're really overpriced

- Branding (noun): xây dựng thương hiệu
  + the act of giving a company a particular design or symbol in order to advertise its products and services
  + Ex: This marketing campaign is the most remarkable branding exercise of all time

- Adjust (verb): điều chỉnh
  + to change something slightly, especially to make it more correct, effective, or suitable
  + Ex: If the chair is too high you can adjust it to suit you

- Content (adj): hài lòng
  + happy and satisfied with what you have
  + Ex: He seems fairly content with his life

- Let someone down (verb phrase): khiến ai thất vọng
  + to cause someone to be dissappointed
  + Ex: I let them down completely because I was late

- Beyond compare (phrase): không thể sánh bằng
  + better than anything else of the same kind
  + Ex: Her beauty is beyond compare

- Cost a fortune (idiom): tiêu tốn nhiều tiền
  + to be extremely expensive
  + Ex: Drinks at that club cost a fortune

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever gone to Starbucks?
  + I sometimes go there with my friends a few times to do our group work
  + Yes, I used to go to a Starbucks Coffee shop in my city, but it let me down a little bit

- Do you think that Starbucks coffee is overpriced?
  + Yes, it's totally true. Buying coffee at Starbucks is like pouring money down the drain
  + I don't think the drinks and food in Starbucks are overpriced. Its taste is excellent and the location

- On a scale from 1 to 10, how do you rate Starbucks coffee's quality?
  + I would give it 9, because the quality and service here live up to my expectations
  + I think Starbucks should deserve only 5 points since it costs a fortune to buy coffee and food in Starbucks

- Why do many people like to drink coffee at Starbucks?
  + Starbucks is quite successfull in its branding strategy, so some people come here just to check in with a cup of Starbucks coffee
  + Loyal customers are addicted to Starbucks coffee and go there often because its quality is beyond compare

- Will you return to the Starbucks coffee shop one day?
  + I will come back here if the price is adjusted to be lower than now, or else I will never come back again
  + Yes, of course. I'm content with Starbucks drinks, especially they green tea latte