## Topic: Are you a simp?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be all the range (idiom): phổ biến
  + to be popular at a particular point of time
  + Ex: This hairstyle was all the range when I was in high school

- Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches (idiom): Chỉ có người trong cuộc mới hiểu người trong kẹt, nằm trong chăn mới biết chăn có rận
  + Only someone directly involved in something can identify the source of some trouble or stress associated with it
  + Ex: You have to tell us if the work is getting too strenuous for you, Mike. We're not mind readers - only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches

- Be blind in love (phrase): mù quáng trong tình yêu
  + not being rational and logical when it comes to love
  + Ex: I've told you many times that you shouldn't be blind in love

- Be hopelessly devoted to someone (phrase): vô vọng trong tình yêu cho ai
  + extremely loving and loyal to someone that you love, but there is no good result
  + Ex: Why am I still hopelessly devoted to you like this?

- Simp (slang): kẻ lụy tình, làm mọi thứ ngu ngốc để theo đuổi một cô gái mà chắc chắn không có kết quả
  + an Internet slang term describing someone who shows excessive sympathy and attention toward another person, typically someone who does not reciprocate the same feelings, in order to win their affection
  + Ex: He's such a simp! It's been three years, how can't he get over her?

- Pursue (verb): theo đuổi ai đó (về mặt tình cảm)
  + to try very hard to persuade someone to have a relationship with you
  + Ex: He' been pursuing her for months and yet she's so cleary not interested

- Heartbroken (adj): đau lòng
  + extremely sad
  + Ex: If she ever left him he would be heartbroken

- Mature (adj): trưởng thành
  + behaving like adults in a way that shows they are well developed emotionally
  + Ex: He's very mature for his age

- Fool (noun): kẻ ngốc, khờ khạo
  + a person who behaves in a silly way without thinking
  + Ex: He's a fool if he thinks she still loves him

### 2. Outline
- What does 'a simp' mean?
  + Is it internet slang? As far as I know, it is used to call a guy who is blind in love and willing to do everything for someone that might not have the same feeling as him
  + Yes, I do! This internet is all the range! This is a term for men who are seen as too attentive and submissive to women

- How do you know when someone is a simp?
  + One of the most obvious signs of a simp is not being able to get over after a breakup
  + If you see a guy foolishly do everything just to pursue a girl. And all he gets is a big NO from that girl, then he's definitely a simp

- Does being a simp mean you are a fool?
  + I really don't know. Anyone can be a fool and it comes to love. Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches
  + Totally yes!!! Because why do you have to be hopelessly devoted to someone, There are thousands of girls outside

- What can a simp learn from many times being heartbroken?
  + I think after many times of being heartbroken, a simp can be more mature. And he will no longer be labeled "simp"
  + What can they learn? Once a simp, always a simp

- Do you consider yourself as a simp?
  + Yes, I do. I am a typical simp. When I love someone, I have a tendency to do the most insane thing that you can't ever imagine
  + No, I don't. I'm not that kind of person who will be crazy in love like that!