## Topic: Which factor is more important when hiring employees: attitude or knowledge?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Work one's fingers to the bone (idiom): làm việc chăm chỉ
  + to work extremely hard, especially for a long time
  + Ex: She worked her fingers to the bone to provide a home and food for seven children

- Be full of beans (idiom): tràn đầy năng lượng
  + to have a lot of energy and enthusiasm
  + Ex: I've never known anyone be so full of beans before breakfast

- Have a positive outlook (verb phrase): có quan điểm tích cực
  + have good way of understanding and thinking about something
  + Ex: She always has a positive outlook about her career

- Lift the spirit of co-workers (verb phrase): nâng cao tinh thần của đồng nghiệp
  + raise co-workers' feelings or state of mind
  + Ex: This is the best way to lift the spirit of co-workers

- Job satisfaction (noun phrase): sự thỏa mãn trong công việc
  + the good feeling that you get when you have a job that you enjoy
  + Ex: How would you rate your job satisfaction?

- Loyalty (noun): lòng trung thành
  + the quality of being constant in your support of somebody/something
  + Ex: Can I count on your loyalty?

- Criticize (verb): phê bình, chỉ trích
  + to express disapproval of someone or something
  + Ex: The project has been criticized as a waste of money

- Invaluable (adj): vô cùng giá trị
  + extremely useful
  + Ex: The new job will provide you with invaluable experience

- Work performance (noun phrase): hiệu suất làm việc
  + ability to work
  + Ex: They are trying to improve work performance to finish the project on time

### 2. Outline
- Which factor is more important when hiring employees: attitude or knowledge?
  + In my opinion, attitude is more important. Because knowledge could be gained in training and the working process, while attitude is something in nature
  + I think it depends on the position you are applying for. Knowledge is invaluable to demanding jobs, while attitude is invaluable to service-related jobs

- Why is attitude important in employment?
  + Having a positive outlook will help you to achieve higher levels of job satisfaction, be more effective in your work and help you develop social relationships
  + People with a good attitude can lift the spirit of co-workers and positively affect their work performance

- Why is knowledge important in employment?
  + Knowledge has great value because it shapes and drives your work performance
  + Workers with great knowledge can deal with problems that are complex, develop new products and give suggestions and advice for their co-workers

- How to show off your good attitude during the interview?
  + You should always be full of beans during the interview, and show your confidence in your own ability
  + You should never say anything negative about yourself as well as criticize or complain about your previous bosses and companies

- Besides attitude and knowledge, are there any other important factors in hiring employees?
  + Hard working is also important. No one wants to hire a lazy person. HR managers always choose people who could work their fingers to the bone
  + I think it is loyalty. It costs a lot of money to hire and train an employee. Employers tend to find people who will stay with the company for a long time