## Topic: How do you recognize toxic friends

### 1. Vocabulary
- pick and choose (idiom): kén cá chọn canh
  + to choose only those things that you like or want very much
  + Ex: You have to take any job you can get, you can't pick and choose

- have something in common (idiom): có điểm chung
  + to share the same interests or have similar characteristics
  + Ex: I didn't think Larry and Patricia had anything in common, but they talked all evening

- stab somebody in the back (idiom): đâm sau lưng ai
  + to do or say something that harms somebody who trusts you
  + Ex: Don't trust George; he's been known to stab his friends in the back

- strike up a friendship (idiom): bắt đầu một tình bạn
  + to start a relationship with someone
  + Ex: He gets really jealous if his girlfriend strikes up a friendship with another man

- make one's blood boil (idiom): khiến ai đó tức sôi máu
  + to make someone very angry
  + Ex: His hate-filled speechs make my blood boil

- come into one's life (verb phrase): đến với cuộc đời của ai
  + to meet and have a relationship with that person
  + Ex: Suddenly a beautiful woman comes into my life

- spread bad rumors about somebody (verb phrase): truyền tin đồn xấu về ai
  + to say a piece of information, or a story that people talk about, but that may not be true to other people
  + Ex: I caught her red-handed when she spread bad rumors about me

- dump something on somebody (verb phrase): trút cái gì đó lên ai cảm xúc lên người khác
  + to treat someone badly because one feels angry, frustrated, or said
  + Ex: There is big difference between expressing your feelings and dumping them on others

- have good eyes for (verb phrase): có mắt nhìn cái gì
  + to have an ability to notice something
  + Ex: She has good eye for detail

### 2. Outline
- How do you choose your friends?
  + I don't really pick and choose. They just came into my life randomly. For example, I met a guy at the gas station when he helped me to fix my car tires; and since then, we have been friends for 3 years
  + They must be kind-hearted and share some personalities or interests in common with me

- How do you recognize toxic friends?
  + I just follow my instinct and notice how they treat me and behave towards other people
  + I just basically avoid striking up a friendship with those who consider me as a trash bin to dump their negative feelings on me

- Did you have any toxic friends?
  + Yes! I was really kind to her but she stabbed me in the back. She spread bad rumors about me
  + Fortunately, I have good eyes for recognizing toxic friends with whom I avoid interacting

- How did you feel?
  + I was shocked and depressed. I didn't want to interact with other people
  + They make my blood boil and I would never forgive them. I mean, friendship is supposed to be trusting each other, and such behaviors like that are shamed

- How did you deal with those toxic friendships?
  + I didn't give a damn about them. They did not deserve me to do that
  + I broke off all contact with them. I didn't want to see them ever again in my life.