## Topic: What is the cruelty of maturity?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Blood, sweat and tears (idiom): nỗ lực rất nhiều để đạt được mục đích
  + extremely hard work, or the greatest effort possible, in order to achieve something
  + Ex: This has been a tough time. We have all put in a lot of blood, sweat, and tears

- Have an insight into something (verb phrase): có sự hiểu biết sâu sắc về
  + If you gain insight or an insight into a complex situation or problem, you gain an accurate and deep understanding of it
  + Ex: She gave him insight into how Katie and her mother felt about the subject

- Suffer hardships (verb phrase): gặp khó khăn
  + a condition that is difficult to endure suffering, deprivation; oppression
  + Ex: Households with debt would suffer intense hardship

- Childlish (adj): trẻ con
  + (of an adult) behaving in a stupid or silly way
  + Ex: Don't be so childfish!

- Maturity (noun): trưởng thành
  + the quality of thinking and behaving in a sensible, adult manner
  + Ex: He has maturity beyond his years

- Envious (adj): ghen tị
  + wanting to be in the same situation as somebody else; wanting something that somebody else has
  + Ex: Everyone is so envious of her

- Arrogant (adj): ngạo mạn
  + behaving in a proud, unpleasant way, showing little thought for other people
  + Ex: He was a rude, arrogant young man

- Disordered (adj): hỗn loạn
  + showing a lack of order or control
  + Ex: He looked round the disordered kitchen

- Temptation (noun): cám dỗ
  + the desire to do or have something that you know is bad or wrong
  + Ex: I couldn't resist the temptation to open the letter

### 2. Outline
- Do you think that you are mature?
  + Yes, I'm already 23. I'm confident that I have a deep insight into different aspects of life since I suffered many hardships
  + No, even though I'm an adult now, I think I'm still childlish. I believe that maturity never ends

- How do you know?
  + I'm pretty calm while hardships strike my life. I'm no longer self-fish, envious and arrogant like I used to be before
  + I'm not completely independent from my parents. I could not fully take good care of my parents and my siblings

- What is the cruelty of maturiy?
  + You have to cover yourselft, and your true feelings to deal with a disordered society full of temptations
  + It takes blood, sweat, and tears to earn a job position and make a living

- Do you want to become a child again?
  + Definitely, I want to become innocent and my mind can go free without thinking of how to make money
  + No, if I become a child again, it means that I would suffer the cruelty of maturity once over again

- Can you deal with the cruelty of maturity?
  + Somehow, I try to be optimistic since I cannot avoid it
  + Yes, since besides the bad side, I think one of the good sides of maturity is freedom