## Topic: Why are so many people working hard, yet remaining poor?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Save for a rainy day (idiom): tiết kiệm tiền cho tình huống bất ngờ, khẩn cấp
  + to save money for a time when it might be needed unexpectedly
  + Ex: Luckily she had saved some money for a rainy day

- Make a decent living (verb phrase): kiếm sống
  + to earn the money one needs to pay for housing, food, etc
  + Ex: I can make a decent living with my job right now

- Fresh graduate (noun phrase): mới tốt nghiệp
  + a person who has successfully completed the course of undergraduate study or the first academic degree
  + Ex: As a fresh graduate from the FTII, Mahendra's early attempts to enter Tamil cinema were unsuccessful

- Misconception (noun): quan niệm sai lầm
  + an idea that is wrong because it has been based on a failure to understand a situation
  + Ex: We hope our work will help to change popular misconceptions about disabled people

- Wealthy (adj): giàu có
  + rich
  + Ex: He's a very wealthy man

- Countless (adj): vô số
  + very many, or too many to be counted
  + Ex: There are countless arguments against this ridiculous proposal

- Excessive (adj): quá mức
  + too much
  + Ex: Any more pudding would simply be excessive

- Flashy (adj): hào nhoáng
  + expensive or stylish
  + Ex: He wears flashy clothes

- Overspend (verb): chi tiêu quá mức
  + to spend more money than you should
  + Ex: The council seems likely to overspend this year

### 2. Outline
- Do you have a well-paid job?
  + Yeah, I think so. I can make a decent living with my my job right now
  + Not really, but I'm quite satisfied with it because I'm just a fresh graduate

- How much money have you been saving up?
  + I can't tell the exact number but it is around 50 millions VND
  + To be honest, not even a penny. This is my first job and I've had it for only 3 months

- Why are there so many people working hard but still being poor?
  + I think it's because they are too lazy to change. If a person has a low-income job but continues to do that job day after day without thinking how to get a better job, higher income, he will still be poor
  + It's a common misconception that if they put in the time and effort, they'll eventually be wealthy. Working hard is good but if they want to be rich, they also have to work smart

- What mistakes make the financial situation always go down?
  + There are countless havits that lead to poverty. Many people, for instance, are too concerned with their looks and buy an excessive amount of flashy clothes. It is a trap that makes people poorer
  + I believe there is a very common mistake which is not having a money management plan. Without that plan, it is possible for people to overspend and suffer unneeded expenses

- Do you think it is better to save money or invest money?
  + To me, investing money would be better. Saving tends to be for "rainy days", while investing is for the longer term as a way of growing your money
  + It depends. Neither saving or investing is better in all circumstances, and the right choice really depends on your current financial position.