## Topic: Why do people today spend less time sleeping than in the past?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Sleep like a log (idiom): ngủ say như một khúc gỗ
  + when people say they "sleep like a log" they usually mean that they slept soundly, without moving, all night
  + Ex: Take this pill at bedtime and you'll sleep like a log tonight

- Hit the sack (idiom): đi ngủ
  + to go to bed in order to sleep
  + Ex: I've got a busy day tomorrow, so I think I'll hit the sack

- Be snowed under (phrase): việc ngập đầu
  + to have so much work that you have problems dealing with it all
  + Ex: I'm absolutely snowed under with work at the moment

- In a matter of seconds (phrase): trong nháy mắt
  + only a few seconds
  + Ex: The ambulance arrived in a matter of seconds

- Outcome (noun): hệ quả
  + a result or effect of an action, situation, etc
  + Ex: It's too early to predict the outcome of the meeting

- Sleepiness (noun): sự buồn ngủ
  + the feeling of being tired and wanting to sleep
  + Ex: Sleepiness can impair your work

- Obvious (adj): rõ ràng
  + easy to see, recognize, or understand
  + Ex: They have a small child so for obvious reasons they need money

- Hectic (adj): rất bận rộn
  + extremely busy
  + Ex: She wants to get away from the hectic pace of New York

- Excessive (adj): thừa thãi, quá mức
  + too much
  + Ex: Excessive exercise can sometimes cause health problems

### 2. Outline
- How many hours do you sleep a day?
  + I have followed the experts recommendation that people should sleep 8 hours a day. I regularly sleep for 7 hours at night and a quick nap after lunch
  + I just sleep for around 5-6 hours on a daily basic since I'm snowed under a huge workload both from my main job and my side job

- What do you usually do to quickly fall asleep
  + I always listen to the sounds of nature, for example, the gentle sound of falling rain or peaceful sound of ocean waves. This sends me to sleep in a matter of seconds
  + I often drink a cup of herb tea an hour before I hit the sack. The tea makes my stomach warm and helps me sleep like a log

- What happens when you don't get enough sleep?
  + The most obvious outcome is excessive daily sleepiness. You would be exhausted all day and can't concentrate on anything
  + I believe this tendency surely leads to stress. As a result of stress, you will feel moody and become more likely to have conflicts with others. This would mess up with your relationships

- Why do people today spend less time sleeping than in the past?
  + As I know, the cause is the hectic lifestyle of modern times. Yound students usually have to attend extra classes and complete an abundance of homework after a whole day at school. Adults tend to work overtime to earn more income. These bustling daily practices considerably occupy their time for rest, leading to a decline in sleeping time
  + A reason for lack of sleep is the effects of modern technology. In the digital ear, people are surrounded by technological devices and social media. Both adults and children tend to spend hourse staring at the bright screen. According to studies, blue light from digital displays keeps the brain awake and prevents it from falling asleep

- What do you think are some solutions for this tendency?
  + I think people should put away their smartphones and tablets. Electronic devices keep your mind humming and far from the relaxed state you need to achieve before bedtime. It's a good idea to put away devices like smartphones and tablets at least one hour before bedtime
  + People should try to treat getting enough sleep as if it is as important as taking medicine. With all the demands on our time every day, you might put a good night's rest at the bottom of your priority list, but we need to schedule adequate time for sleep.