## Topic: Why can children in Vietnam buy alcohol easily in stores?

### 1. Vocabulary
- As drunk as a skunk (idiom): say như chết
  + Extremely drunk
  + Ex: Andy staggered in last night drunk as a skunk

- Be wasted (idiom): say mèm
  + very drunk
  + Ex: I got wasted at last night's party

- Have a hangover (verb phrase): được dùng khi nói về các triệu chứng thường thấy sau khi say xỉn: nôn nao, đau đầu
  + a feeling of illness after drinking too much alcohol
  + Ex: I drank a lot of yesterday night, so now I got a hangover

- Enact a stricter regulation (verb phrase): ban hành quy định nghiêm khắc hơn
  + to introduce hard rules
  + Ex: The government should enact stricter regulations

- Drinking culture (noun phrase): văn hóa uống bia rượu
  + the set of traditions and social behaviors that surround the consumption of beverages containing ethanol as a recreational drug and social lubricant
  + Ex: Vietnam has an amazing drinking culture

- Heavy drinker (noun phrase): bợm rượu
  + a person who drinks alcohol a lot
  + Ex: He is such a heavy drinker that no one can outdrink him

- Legal age (noun phrase): độ tuổi hợp pháp
  + Legal age refers to the age at which a person may legally engage in a certain activity
  + Ex: The legal age for drinking in the US is 21

- Liquor (noun): rượu
  + Strong alcoholic drink
  + Ex: I don't drink liquor

- Prohibit (verb): cấm
  + to officially refuse to allow something
  + Ex: You're prohibited to go in here

### 2. Outline
- Do you think that Vietnam has a great drinking culture?
  + Yes, of course. It's one of the characteristics of Vietnamese culture. I can consider myself a heavy drinker as well, especially beer. I usually go out drinking with my coworkers and come as drunk as a skunk
  + Yes, I know a large number of foreign tourists are also amazed to find that Vietnam has such a rich drinking culture and people love to have a hangover on weekends

- What is the legal age for drinking in Vietnam?
  + As far as I'm concerned. The legal age for drinking alcohol in Vietnam is 18 years old and above
  + To my knowledge, children and teenagers are not allowed to get drunk

- Why can children in Vietnam still buy alcohol in stores?
  + I think because it is a daily norm in Vietnam. Parents often ask their offspring to go buy alcohol for them
  + I believe it is because of both the mindset and lax regulations. It is very normal for children in Vietnam to buy alcohol for adults and there are barely any regulations to penalize the store that sells alcohol to children

- Do you think that would encourage children to drink alcohol before the legal age?
  + Absolutely. It has been a profound concern in Vietnam for the last 10 years. According to a students' health survey conducted in 2019, nearly 44 percent of grades 8-12 students who were polled said they had had their first taste of alcohol before the age of 14 and got wasted several times
  + I think it is not a big deal. Children in Vietnam has been purchasing beer and liquor for many years now. It's not detrimental, it is just a daily room

- Should the laws be stricter for this concern?
  + The government should enact stricter regulations to prohibit children from buying alcohol. Moreover, the stores that sell alcoholic drinks to children to buy beer for them, should be fined heavily
  + I think that stores should require any children who wish to buy alcohol to show their ID. If they are over 18, then stores can sell them beer and liquor