## Topic: If one day I lose interest in my current job!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Clim up the career ladder (idiom): Thăng tiến trong công việc
  + to be in a higher position in one's working career
  + There are many changes for you to climb up the career ladder in this company
- Lose interest in something (verb phrase): Mất hứng thú với điều gì
  + to no longer be interested in something
  + I started to lose interest in this job
- Confide in someone (verb phrase): tâm sự với ai
  + to tell personal and private things to someone
  + She often confides in me. He had no one to confide in
- Inexperienced (adj): Thiếu kinh nghiệm
  + having a little knowledge or experience
  + They are young inexperienced parents and need support
- Naive (adj): ngây thơ
  + too willing to believe that someone is telling the truth, that people's intentions in general are good, or that life is simple and fair
  + She was very naive to believe that he'd stay with her
- Seek (verb): tìm kiếm
  + to try to find or get something
  + "Are you actively seeking job?" she asked
- Overcome (verb): vượt qua (thử thách, khó khăn...)
  + to defeat or succeed in controlling or dealing with something
  + Eventually she managed to overcome her shyness in class
- Dull (adj): nhàm chán
  + not interesting or exciting in any way
  + She wrote dull, respectable articles for the local newspaper
- Commitment (N): sự gắn bó
  + willingness to give your time and energy to a job, activity, or something that you believe in
  + I'd like to thank the staff for having shown such commitment. 
### 2. Outline
- What do you do for a living?
  + I am currently working as a software engineer for an IT company
  + I am just a normal office worker who spends 8 hours at work
- Do you remember the first day you got your job?
  + Yeah!. I was such naive and inexperienced person back then
  + How can I not remember? This question brings back a lot of memories from when I was just a fresher graduate
- How did you feel back then?
  + I was full of beans, and devoted a lot to this job
  + I was so nervous because I didn't know if this job would be suitable for me or not
- Do you love your job?
  + Until now, I am very happy with it because I can create new things everyday.
  + I have to admit that I feel a bit bored.
- If one day, you lose interest in your job, what will you do?
  + If that day really happens, I think I will go somewhere far away for a while to seek for new things
  + If I lose interest in my job, I will confide in my boss to give me more fun tasks
- Do you think that the universe is trying to tell you to quit?
  + I don't think so! I think that is just a challenge for us to overcome. Maybe after this, a new opportunity will come, such as climbing up the career ladder.
  + I think it is because it's gonna be dull if you do a job that you don't like
- What do you think when young people tend to change their job so fast?
  + This shows that young people nowdays have really low commitment to what they do
  + I think it's totally fine because there are many opportunities out there. 