## Topic: What do you miss most about being a kid!

### 1. Vocabulary
- A mischievous child (noun phrase): đứa trẻ nghịch ngợm
  + a child who enjoys playing tricks and annoys people
  + In Alexandrian poetry, he degenerated into a mischievous child
- A childhood friend (noun phrase): bạn thơ ấu
  + a friend you've known since childhood
  + One day a childhood friend finds him asleep on a street bench
- Play hide-and-seek (verb phrase): chơi trốn tìm
  + to get involved in a children's game in which one player covers his or her eyes while the other players hide, and then tries to find them
  + The children are playing hide-and-seek in the yard
- A sense of innocence (noun phrase): sự ngây thơ
  + the feeling of lack of knowledge and experience of the world, especially of evil or unpleasant things that you have when you were a child
  + She tried to feign innoence, but her eyes were probably full of mischief instead
- A sense of nostalgia (noun phrase): cảm giác bồi hồi
  + a sad feeling mixed with pleasure when you think of happy times in the past
  + Looking back at old photographs always brings back a sense of nostalgia.
- Be up to ears in something (Idiom): có rất nhiều thứ gì đó cần giải quyết
  + to have a lot of something to deal with
  + I'm up to my ears at work
- Back in the days (idiom): hồi đó
  + at a particular time in the past
  + I remember, back in the day, a number of cars was embarrassed by it
- Unforgettable (adj): không quên được
  + an unforgettable experience has such a strong effect or influence on you that you cannot forget it
  + One unforgettable morning, we were among the elephants, perfectly situated to watch their descent to the river
- Adulthood (noun): người lớn
  + the part of someone's life when they are an adult
  + People in England legally reach adulthood at 18
- Nostalgia (noun): sự bồi hồi
  + a feeling of pleasure and also slight sadness when you think about things that happened in the past
  + Some people feel nostalgia for their schooldays

### 2. Outline
- Do you have many unforgettable memories from your childhoold?
  + Honestly, I can't remember many things from my childhood
  + Definitely yes. As a mischievous child, I had a great childhood with many unforgettable memories
- What's your most vivid childhood memory?
  + Backin the days, I used to play hide-and-seek with my childhood friends and completely forget dinner time
  + I remember that I usually played mandarin square capturing with my sister when my parents went to work
- What do you miss about being a kid?
  + I think is the sense of innocence and freedom which has been lost in adulthood
  + I miss the time when I was naughty and always caused trouble without thinking about the consequences
- Do you have something that you regret or want to change in your childhood?
  + Although I used to make some silly mistakes, I have to regret about what I have done, honestly
  + Sometimes, I wish I had a time travel machine like Doramon's so that I could correct past mistakes
- Who are happier, children nowadays or the ones 20 years ago?
  + I'm not very sure but I guess 20 years ago children were happier. Children in the modern world are always to their ears in deadlines.
  + I think children nowadays are much happier as they have better living standards than children in the past
- Why is it important for children to have fun?
  + As you get older, life tends to get more and more stressful so that we don't have much time to enjoy it
  + If children have a happy, healthy childhood, they are probably more likely to become well-adjusted adults
- Do you think people often ideadlize their childhoods?
  + I think that most people look back on their own childhoods with a sense of nostalgia
  + People tend to look at today's youth and feel that their own childhood was somehow better