## Topic: Is it important for women to be good at cooking in married life?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Equal an unhappy family (verb phrase): dẫn đến với một gia đình không hạnh phúc
  + to lead to or result in an unhappy family
  + Arranged marriages don't equal unhappy families

- Bring home the bacon (idiom): kiếm tiền nuôi gia đình
  + to earn money for your family to live on
  + His friends had all gone to college or were bringing home the bacon

- Housewife (noun): bà nội trợ
  + a woman whose work is inside the home, doing the cleaning, cooking, etc..., and who usually does not have any other job
  + My mother is a good housewife

- The norm (noun): lẽ thường tình
  + a situation or type of behaviour that is expected and considered to be typical
  + One child per family is fast becoming the norm in some countries

- Marriage flame (noun phrase): Ngọn lửa hôn nhân (ẩn dụ)
  + a powerful feeling of love in marriages
  + They've never fallen out with each other because they know how to keep the marriage flame burning

- Maid (noun): Thuê người giúp việc
  + a woman whose job is to be in charge of the housework
  + We can't afford to hire a maid

- Duty (noun): nghĩa vụ
  + something that you have to do because it is part of your job
  + It's my duty to take care of you.

- Gender equality (noun phrase): bình đẳng giới
  + the right of people of two different genders to have a similar social position and receive the same treatment
  + People have been fighting for gender equality for centuries

- Create bonds (verb phrase): kết nối các thành viên gia đình
  + to create something that forms a connection between people or groups, such as a feeling of friendship or shared ideas and experiences
  + Going camping together can help create bonds among students in a class

- Cook a lovely meal (verb phrase): nấu một bữa ăn ngon, hấp dẫn
  + to make an attractive tasty meal
  + I have to buy a recipe book to learn how to cook a lovely meal

### 2. Outline
- Is your mother good at cooking?
  + Yes! She can always cook lovely meals for my whole family
  + Her cooking skills are not so good and so, she doesn't often cook

- How does this fact affect your family's daily life?
  + It's my mom's tasty meals that make my dad love her so much
  + It doesn't have any special impact because my family can still eat good meals cooked by our maid

- It is important for girls in general to be good at cooking now? Why?
  + Yes! Cooking meals is often considered a duty of women! If a girl is pool at cooking, she may find it harder to find a partner
  + No, for both girls and boys! We can now buy foods from convenience shops and cooking is not too important now!

- If a woman is a housewife, does she need to be good at cooking? Why or why not?
  + Not really! Nowadays, it's the norm that a housewife can't cook well because being a housewife is not just about cooking meals
  + Sure! Becuase it's the key to keep the marriage flame burning

- So if she is a working woman, does she need to be good at cooking? Why or why not?
  + No, because working to bring home the bacon has worn her out!
  + She doesn't becuase that's not her main mission. Her husband should help her cook meals or they can consider having a maid

- What happends if a housewife can't cook well?
  + A housewife's poor cooking skills equal an unhappy family because it's meals that create bonds among family members.
  + I think nothing happens because happiness doesn't just depend on the wife's cooking skills

- What about men? Do they need to be good at cooking in married life? Why or why not?
  + Yes! These days, we all enjoy gender equality and wives and husbands should take turns to cook in a family
  + Yes! Because his wife can't always be available cook for him