## Topic: Thank God, 5 days off - I can finally rest my back!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Itchy feet (idiom): thèm đi du lịch
  + to start to want to travel
  + After three years without traveling she began to get itchy feet

- Take advantage of something (verb phrase): tận dụng
  + to use the good things in a situation
  + Why not take advantage of this special discount?

- Day off (noun phrase): ngày nghỉ
  + a day when you do not have to work or do something that you normally do
  + I won't be in on Thursday - It's my day off

- Spine (noun): xương sống
  + the line of bones down the center of the back that provides support for the body and protects the spinal cord
  + She injured her spine in a riding accident

- Heal (verb): hồi phục
  + to make or become well again, especially after a cut or other injury
  + The plaster cast helps to heal the broken bone

- Coach (noun): Xe khách
  + A long motor vehicle with comfortable seats, used to take groups of people on journeys
  + We're going to the airport by coach

- Bother (verb): làm phiền
  + to annoy or cause problems for someone
  + Don't bother your father when he's working

- Back (noun): lưng
  + The part of your body that is opposite to the front, from your shoulders to your bottom
  + He lay on his back, staring at the ceiling

- Stay in (phrase verb): ở nhà
  + to stay in your home
  + Let's staty in tonight and watch a movie

- Adventurous (adj): thích phiêu lưu
  + willing to try new or difficult things
  + I'm trying to be more adventurous with my cooking.

### 2. Outline
- Are you an office worker?
  + Yes, I am. I've been an office worker ever since I finished college
  + Yeah, kind of. I spend more time at the office but most of the time I'll go out to meet clients

- Do you feel content with your office life?
  + Yeah, pretty much. I can't compalin, really
  + Not really, I am something of an adventurous person and I prefer to open my own business more

- Which part of the office life makes you tired the most
  + Definitely the long hours of sitting in front of the screen. It hurts my nech and my back so much
  + It would be the spine problems, hah. You know, office chairs are terrible

- I heard that Vietnamese people will get 5 days off in the upcoming holiday, are you excited ?
  + Absolutely. Finally there is enough time for me to rest
  + Of course I am. This will be the longest holiday we've had since Lunar New Year

- What are you gonna do during those days off?
  + I will take the change to stay in and let my back and neck heal
  + I've already bought a coach ticket to return my hometown

- Do you think staying in to relax during days off is the best?
  + For me, yes. You can go out anytime even on work days but if you get the change to relax at home, just take it. Trust me, there won't be much of it
  + I always have itchy feet, so I take full advantage of days off to travel

- What are the advantages of staying in to relax during days off?
  + I think it allow people to have quality "me time" doing what they like without being bothered
  + It allows your body to have adequate rest