## Topic: Do you think holidays are becoming more and more important?

### 1. Vocabulary
- By and large (idiom): nhìn chung là
  + when everything about a situation is considered together
  + Ex: By and large, everything's under control

- Blow off steam (idiom): nghĩ xả hơi
  + to do or say something that helps you to get rid of strong feelings or energy
  + Ex: Cursing is not too good of a way to blow off steam

- Day off (noun): ngày nghỉ
  + a day when you do not work
  + Ex: The change in rules meant they would be unable to take a day off it their children were ill

- Concern (noun): nỗi bận tâm
  + a worried or nervous feeling about something, or something that makes you feel worried
  + Ex: Concern for the safety of the two missing teenagers is growing

- Hectic (adj): bận rộn, vội vã
  + full of activity, or very busy and fast
  + Ex: The area has become a haven for people tired of the hectic pace of city life

- Culture (noun): văn hóa
  + the way of life, especially the general customs and beliefs, of a particular group of people at a particular time
  + Ex: What do you know about Japanese culture?

- Wind down (phrasal verb): nghỉ ngơi
  + to gradually relax after doing something that has made you tired or worried
  + Ex: I wind down after hours of work by listening to music

- Book a holiday (verb phrase): đặt một kỳ nghỉ
  + to arrange to have a trip or use it on a holiday
  + Ex: My mom has just booked a holiday to Prague

- Spend quality time (verb phrase): dành thời gian với người thân
  + to use time spent giving all of one's attention to someone who is close
  + Ex: How do you spend quality time with your family?

### 2. Outline
- Do you think holidays are becoming more and more important?
  + Yes, they are. Holidays are the time when everyone can leave all their work behind and spend quality time with their family and friends
  + No, they aren't. Some traditional holidays are no longer relevant, and I don't think they will last long in the near future

- Why are they important?
  + They are important because it's the time when we truly blow off steam and have no concerns about our hectic work schedule
  + It's because we have a chance to enhance our physical and mental well being in order to improve work performance

- Are people in your country allowed to take a day off on holiday?
  + Yes, there are. In Vietnam, there are holidays when you don't have to go to work but still get the full salary
  + Yes, indeed. Besides, there are holidays when you are allowed to take not one but two or more days off!

- What do people in your country usually do during the holiday?
  + By and large, young people prefer to hang out with friends, go shopping or go to the cinema. Meanwhile, the adults prefer to book a holiday somewhere far away from the city
  + In Vietnam, people tend to stay at home and celebrate it with their family and friends, or they simply do nothing just to wind down

- In your opinion, what holiday is not important and why?
  + Personally, each holiday has a special meaning to society so I think there is no particular holiday that is not worth celebrating
  + I think Halloween should not be considered as important as other Vietnamese holidays since it is related to another country's culture