## Topic: Money talk! Why do many young people spend more than they can earn?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Fear of missing out (phrase): nỗi sợ bị bỏ rơi
  + fear of not being included in something (such as an interesting or enjoyable activity) that others are experiencing
  + Ex: I have a cold, but my deep-seated fear of missing out made me come to this party

- Get indo debt (phrase): mang nợ
  + If you are in debt or get into debt, you owe money
  + Ex: It's easier to get into debt than to get out of it again

- At all costs (idiom): bằng bất cứ giá nào
  + regardless of the price to be paid or the effort needed
  + Ex: He was anxious to avoid war at all costs

- Economical (adj): tiết kiệm
  + not spending more money than necessary
  + Ex: He was economical in all areas of his life

- Ubiquity (noun): sự có mặt ở khắp mọi nơi
  + the fact that something seems to be everywhere or in several places at the same time; the fact that something is very common
  + Ex: Thanks to the ubiquity of mobile phones connected to the internet, social networks can follow you as you move around

- Trick into (phrasal verb): bẫy ai đó làm gì
  + to make somebody do something by means of a trick
  + Ex: He tricked me into lending him $100

- Crave (verb): thèm khát
  + to have a very strong desire for something
  + Ex: They craved to return to their homeland

- Imitate (verb): bắt chước
  + to copy somebody/something
  + Ex: Her style of painting has been imitated by other artists

- Exorbitant (adj): đắt đỏ
  + (of a price) much too high
  + Ex: It's a good hotel but the prices are exorbitant

### 2. Outline
- Do you have any savings?
  + Yes! I'm an economical person. I prefer saving for a rainy day or for my greatest dream of purchasing a house
  + No! My salary is sometimes not enough for me to spend on my basic needs or hobbies. How can I save?

- Why do many young people spend more than they can earn?
  + Because many young people suffer from the fear of missing out. They strive to own the latest smartphone fashion at all costs to be like other people
  + The ubiquity of commercials, marketing campaings, and credit cards is likely to trick customers into buying more than they can earn or craving unnecessary things

- What do young people mostly spend on?
  + To imitate their idols or the glamor of celebrities, young people use all their salaries to buy luxurious and exorbitant items
  + They usually spend on fancy travel trips, staying in five-star resorts to take fancy photos to update on their social network

- What are the results of this phenomenon?
  + They cannot manage unexpected events without savings, such as COVID-19. They could get into debt or go broke
  + They could be revealed that they are not wealthy as they show off on social media

- How should the young avoid this?
  + They must know how to manage their financial conditions such as reasonably dividing salaries into different budgets, including saving for the future
  + They must determine which items or services are necessary or not.