## Topic: Is it appropriate for high school teachers to connect with their students on social media?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Strike up conversation (verb phrase): bắt đầu cuộc trò chuyện
  + to begin a conversation with someone in a casual way
  + Ex: He struck up a conversation with her in the lobby

- Keep a low profile (idiom): sống ẩn
  + to avoid attracting attention to yourself
  + Ex: He's been in a little trouble recently so he's trying to keep a low profile

- Send messages (verb phrase): gửi tin nhắn
  + to text someone
  + Ex: Schools automatically send messages to parents if she students don't show up in their class

- Connect (verb): kết nối
  + to feel close to someone or have a good relationship with them
  + Ex: She has a remarkable ability to connect with a wide variety of people

- Interact (verb): tương tác
  + to communicate with or react to
  + Ex: It's interesting at parties to see how people interact socially

- Communication (noun): giao tiếp
  + the act of communicating with people
  + Ex: Television is an increasingly important means of communication

- Privacy (noun): sự riêng tư
  + someone's right to keep their personal matters and relationship secret
  + Ex: The new law is designed to protect people's privacy

- Social media (noun): mạng xã hội
  + websites and computer programs that allow people to communicate and share information on the internet using a computer or mobile phone
  + Ex: Companies are increasingly making use of social media in order to market their goods

- By accident (idiom): vô tình
  + without intending to, or without being intended
  + Ex: I deleted the file by accident

### 2. Outline
- Do your teachers have a social media account?
  + Yes, my teacher doesn't share her Facebook account with me but I saw her by accident when I was searching for educational topics
  + I don't know. Maybe they have one but they are keeping a low profile. In fact, I don't want to know their account either

- Do you connect with your teachers on social media?
  + Yes, I sent a Facebook friend request to my Math teacher and he accepted that! I usually send him messages to ask for help with difficult homework
  + No, as a student, I am not allowed to connect with my teachers on social media. If I did it, I would be suspended from school for one semester

- Is it appropriate for high school teachers to connect with their students on social media?
  + I think it is completely suitable for teachers to interact with their students online. It can be of great use when it comes to mutual understanding and communications
  + No, I don't think so. For me, the best option if a teacher wants to communicate with the students is via their parents' phone number

- What are the advantages when teachers connect with their students on social media?
  + Connecting with students on social media allows teachers to efficiently give out pieces of information to all of their students at once and at any given moment
  + Learning can continue outside of the classroom. Students and teachers can participate in discussions that add value to the lesson and encourage the sharing ideas

- What are the disadvantages when teachers connect with their students on social media?
  + It is the privacy issues that will affect the relationship between teachers and students. Access to personal conect gives insight into one another's personal lives
  + A small minority of teachers have used social media as a way to strike up sexually explicit conversations with students. As a result, it causes mental-related issues to students.