## Topic: The key of failure is trying to please everyone!

### 1. Vocabulary
- Fight a losing battle (idiom): Nỗ lực nhưng vẫn thất bại
  + if someone is flighting a losing battle, they are trying to do something even when there is little chance of succeeding
  + Ex: The headmaster is fighting a losing battle trying to ban mobile phones at school

- Satisfy (verb): làm hài lòng
  + to please someone by giving them what they want or need
  + Ex: They have 31 flabors of ice-cream enough to satisfy everyone

- At any cost (idiom): bằng mọi giá
  + no matter what dangers or difficulties are involved
  + Ex: We realized we had to fight the lawsuit at any cost

- Agree upon something (verb phrase): đồng ý với cái gì
  + to accept a proposal or idea in accord with others; to reach a consensus
  + Ex: The union and the company have finally agreed upon the terms of the new contract

- Discretion (noun): quyết định
  + choice, or the right to make a choice, based on judgment
  + Ex: Troopers have discretion in deciding whom to stop for speeding

- Drained (adj): rất mệt mỏi
  + very tired
  + Ex: You look completely drained - why don't you go to bed?

- Overload (adj): quá bận rộn
  + having or supplied with too much of something
  + Ex: The market is already overloaded with car magazines - why would anyone want to produce another one?

- Set aside (phrasal verb): gạt qua một bên
  + to decide that you will not be influenced by your own feelings or opinions because they are not important at a particular time
  + Ex: In times of war people tend to set aside political differences

- Circumstance (noun): hoàn cảnh
  + a fact or event that makes a situation the way it is
  + Ex: I think she coped very well under the circumstances

- Deteriorate (verb): làm cho tệ hơn
  + to become worse
  + Ex: The political situation in the region has deteriorated rapidly

### 2. Outline
- In a relationship, have you ever tried to please your partner in everything?
  + As a matter of fact, I once was. Before, when I was in a romantic relationship, I would attempt to satisfy my partner and agree upon all their opinions to the point of sacrificing my own comfort in order to do so
  + To be honest, yes, and it's taking place as we speak. In my present relationship, I'm absolutely in love with the person. I always please my beloved at any cost since I'm scared of losing him

- Have you ever brought forward an idea at work only to find that no one else thought it was a good one, so you were thought it was a good one, so you were forced to attempt to make it work for everyone
  + I've never been in a scenario like this, but several of my coworkers have. They were indeed struggling with changing the project that they were in charge of at the discretion of both the manager and the client and I noticed them being totally drained after that
  + Have not, although I have been in a similar circumstance. That's when I try to satisfy my boss by voluntarily taking on all the extra work he provides me, despite the fact that I'm already overloaded with a huge load of work

- Do you feel better when you try to please others?
  + Not really, I feel kind of suffocating, to be honest. However, I think sometimes you really have no choice but to do that
  + Absolutely not. It only deteriorate my feelings. It is like fighting a losing battle

- Do you agree with the saying "The key to failure is trying to please everyone!" ?
  + Until now, I do and I'm ready to set aside the fear of hurting someone's feelings and start to put my efforts at my goals
  + I think it's not entirely true but you need to choose the right time to please others in order not to backfire your comfort

- Do you know the key to success?
  + If I knew, I would be chilling in my yacht right now!
  + Yep, is not to please everyone