## Topic: Why do people like watching vlogs?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Be at a loose end (idiom): rãnh rỗi
  + having nothing to do and not knowing what you want to do
  + Ex: When I'm at a loose end, I play video games

- Let one's hair down (idiom): nghỉ ngơi, thư giãn
  + to relax and enjoy yourself, especially in a lively way
  + Ex: I have been working for 10 hours straight, I need to let my hair down

- Attention seeker (noun phrase): những người ham sự chú ý
  + a person who always try to get others to notice him
  + Ex: Toodlers are truly attention seekers

- Keep a vlog of (verb phrase): quay vlog
  + to create a blog in which most of the content is in the form of videos
  + Ex: He kept a vlog of his college life

- Video concept (noun phrase): ý tưởng làm video
  + the idea of a video
  + Ex: A good vlogger must have great video concepts

- Fay-to-day life (noun phrase): cuộc sống thường nhật
  + your daily life
  + Ex: She immerses herself in Japanese day-to-day life

- Travel journal (noun phrase): nhật ký hành trình
  + a written record of the place you travel to every day
  + Ex: I have kept my travel journal for 15 years

- Waves of laughter (noun phrase): tràng cười
  + laughing loudly and then softly interchangeably and continously
  + Ex: Waves of laughter made him crack the door

- Genuine (adj): chân thật
  + if something is genuine, it is real and exactly waht it appears to be
  + Ex: If it is a genuine Michelangelo drawing, it will sell for millions

### 2. Outline
- Do you like watching vlogs?
  + I am very mixed with watching vlogs. Some people are talented at making vlogs but more and more bloggers are becoming attention seekers
  + Yes! I love watching vlogs so much because they always help me let my hair down after work

- Which is your favorite vlog/vlogger and why?
  + Pewpew for sure. What I enjoy about watching this guy and their vlogs, is the genuine humor, creativity, and waves of laughter that they bring to the audience
  + Giang Oi is my favorite vlogger since she is funny and cool and not only just talks about hair and beauty but also shares lifestyles. I personally like watching other people's vlogs to see what they are up to and how they spend their days whenever I'm at a loose end

- Why do Youtubers vlog about their lives?
  + Youtubers keep vlogs of their day-to-day lives because so many people are curious about how Youtubers spend their days
  + Because they don't have to think of a video concept. While vlogging certainly isn't easy, it does eliminate the trouble of thinking of a video concept

- Why do many people like watching vlogs?
  + Because they love to see others live their own life as well as their small happy moments. It is so simple!
  + Because watching someone else's life can feel like an escape from the troubles and stresses of one's own life

- What are the best ideas for vlogs in your opinion?
  + You could talk about things that are trending. It could be your personal experiences, travel journal, tasting different food, How-to and DIY ideas, etc
  + Travel vlog. Everyone loves to travel but many can't because of time or money. So they like to watch other videos in different places.