## Topic: Should people pay attention to their clothes when going out?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Jump to conclusions (idiom): vội đưa ra kết luận
  + to guess the facts about a situation without having enough information
  + Ex: Don't jump to conclusions! Perhaps it was his daughter he was dancing with

- Attract one's attention (verb phrase): thu hút sự chú ý của ai đó
  + to cause someone to look at one
  + Ex: We tried to attract, but you didn't hear us calling you

- Examine one's appearance (verb phrase): soi xét ngoại hình
  + to look at a person carefully and in detail
  + Ex: Being a model means everyone will examine your appearance

- Stylish (adj): có phong cách
  + of a high quality in apperance, design, or behavior
  + Ex: The film's direction is subtle and stylish

- Formal (adj): trang trọng
  + formal clothes, and behavior are suitable for serious or official occasions
  + Ex: We attended a formal party

- Unorganized (adj): không ngăn nắp gọn gàng
  + not formed into an organized or systematized whole
  + Ex: Supporters complained that the White House seemed unorganized and without a communications strategy

- Neatly (adj): một cách gọn gàng
  + in a tidy way
  + Ex: His clothes are all neatly folded in their drawers

- Outfit (noun): trang phục
  + a set of clothes worn for a particular occasion or activity
  + Ex: I'm going to wear my vampire outfit for Halloween

- Casual (adj): thông thường
  + casual clothes are not formal or not suitable for special occasions
  + Ex: His clothes were artfully arranged to look stylishly casual

### 2. Outline
- Do you pay attention to your clothes when going out?
  + Yes, I do. For me, a stylish and attractive look is always my first priority. I usually wear colorful and shiny dresses to attract everyone's attention
  + Well, in fact. I have never paid much attention to it. When hanging out with my friends or family. I always choose casual clothes which provide me with comfort

- Do you think people judge you based on what you wear?
  + Yes, obviously. Nowadays, we are living in a material world, so it is no doubt that everyone will examine your appearance and evaluate you based on that
  + It depends. If you are at a formal meeting and wearing your daily clothes, then people will judge you and expect you to wear something suitable and professional

- Should people pay attention to their clothes when going out?
  + I definitely think they should. If you're at a place that is not your home, you should be neatly dressed by putting on clothes that fit you perfectly
  + I don't think that should be a problem. For me, apperances don't reflect who you truly are. It is the personality that counts, not the stylish looks

- What might happen if a person doesn't pay attention to their clothes when going out?
  + If you are poorly dressed, especially in a formal meeting, people will simply jump to the conclusion that you are an unorganized type of person
  + Having an untidy outfit will cause you embarrassment because you will be laughed at by people in the surroundings

- In your opinion, what does dressing well say about a person?
  + Your dressing sense reflects your personality, character, mood, style and what actualy you are as an individual
  + Honestly, I have no idea about this issue as I see no relevance between clothes and personality