## Topic: What do you think about a happy country?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Promote a healthy lifestyle (verb phrase): thúc đẩy lối sống lành mạnh
  + to encourage people to live healthy
  + Ex: Being happy can help you promote a healthy lifestyle

- Foster economic prosperity (verb phrase): thúc đẩy sự phát triển kinh tế
  + to encourage the development of economy
  + Ex: We need to find a way to foster economic prosperity

- In a row (idiom): liên tiếp, liền mạch
  + if something happens several times in a row, it happens in exactly the same way each time, and nothing different happens in the time between
  + Ex: She's been voted Best Actress three years in a row

- Before long (idiom): sớm
  + soon
  + Ex: With a little exercise, you'll be back in shape before long

- Life expectancy (noun): tuổi thọ
  + the length of time that a living thing
  + Ex: Life expectancy in Europe increased greatly in the 20th century

- Trustworthy (adj): đáng tin cậy
  + able to be trusted
  + Ex: Not even a newspaper always gives trustworthy information

- Well-being (noun): tình trạng hạnh phúc
  + the state of feeling healthy and happy
  + Ex: People doing yoga benefit from an increased feeling of well-being

- Social welfare (noun): phúc lợi xã hội
  + services provided by the government or private organizations to help poor, ill, or old people
  + Ex: From the list of income sources we also show the types of government social welfare benefits received

- Issue development policies (phrase): ban hành chính sách phát triển
  + to give a set of ideas or a plan to develop a country
  + Ex: The government needs to issue development policies

### 2. Outline
- Is it important to be happy?
  + Yes. Being happy can help you promote a healthy lifestyle and increase your life expectancy
  + Of course. Happiness has been linked to better success and creativity

- What do you think about a happy country?
  + To me, there are six key factors for national happiness: income, healthy life expectancy, social support, freedom, trust, and generosity. I can't believe Finland was ranked the happiest country in the world four times in a row
  + I think it's that citizens feel secure in these countries and governments are judged to be trustworthy

- What is the difference between a happy country and an unhappy now?
  + People in a happy country tend to be at ease, untroubled, quick to laugh and self-assured; meanwhile, people in an unhappy country tend to be stressed, tense, irritable and self-absorbed
  + People living in a happy society are more likely to be safer, healthier, and have better relationships

- Do you think your country is a happy country?
  + For me, Vietnam is happy country. The war is over, peace has ruled on this land for a very long time. I believe Vietnam will be in the top ten happiest countries in the world before long
  + According to prestigious magazines around the world, Vietnam has been ranked among the happiest countries in the world

- How does a country promote happiness?
  + To improve national wellbeing, the government should foster economic prosperity as well as pay more attention to social welfare of citizens
  + The government should issue development policies in terms of education, economy and health.