## Topic: Do you think children are the victims of divorce?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Split up with someone (verb phrase): chia tay, kết thúc mối quan hệ với ai đó
  + end their relationship or marriage
  + Ex: She split up with her boyfriend last week

- Resolve the conflict (verb phrase): giải quyết mâu thuẫn
  + to solve or end an active disagreement between people with opposing opinions or principles
  + Ex: You guys should calm down and resolve the conflict

- Down in the dumps (idiom): rất buồn bã
  + feeling very sad
  + Ex: I guess I'm just down in the dumps

- Think twice (idiom): cân nhắc kĩ càng hơn
  + to consider something more carefully
  + Ex: You might want to think twice before buying an insurance policy from them

- Divorce (verb): ly hôn
  + to end your marriage by an official or legal process
  + Ex: She's divorcing her husband

- Affect (verb): ảnh hưởng
  + to have an influence on someone or something, or to cause a change in someone or something
  + Ex: Both buildings were badly affected by the fire

- Marriage (noun): cuộc hôn nhân
  + a legally accepted relationship between two people in which they live together, or the official ceremony that results in this
  + Ex: They had a long and happy marriage

- Abusive (adj): mang tính ngược đãi
  + treating someone badly or cruelly, esp. physically
  + Ex: He was a very strict parent, but never abusive

- Parent (noun): cha mẹ
  + a mother or father of a person or an animal, or someone who looks after a person in the same way that a parent does
  + Ex: I'm going to meet Richard's parents for the first time this weekend

### 2. Outline
- Why do people divorce?
  + People divorce because their marriage doesn't work out and they have a lot of conflicts
  + People divorce because they're in love with someone else during marriage

- Do you think children are the victims of divorce?
  + Yes, most children are down in the dumps when their parents divorce
  + No, I don't think children are negatively affected by their parents' divorce

- How a divorce would affect the children?
  + A divorce would affect children's mental health because they couldn't spend enough time with both parents?
  + If one of the parents is abusive or toxic, a divorce would actually help the children stay away from bad things

- Should parents consider their children's feelings before deciding to divorce?
  + Yes, since the divorce is likely to hurt their children so parents should really think twice before making the decision
  + No, people should prioritize their own feelings and happiness when making such decisions

- What do you think is the best solution when someone has conflicts with their spouse?
  + I think the couple should stay together and resolve the conflict to maintain the family
  + People should split up with their spouse when they realize many red flags.