## Topic: [OFFICE] What should you do when your boss isn't happy with your working result?

### 1. Vocabulary
- I've notice that there are some points in the task I've just finished that need to be changed (sentence): Tôi nhận thấy có một vài chỗ trong đầu việc tôi vừa làm cần thay đổi
  + I've notice that there are some points in the task I've just finished that need to be changed. Could you please tell me what they specifically are?

- It seems like there are some parts that are not matching up for you! (sentence): Có vẻ như một vài chỗ anh/chị không đồng ý
  + It seems like there are some parts that are not matching up for you! Could you please specifically tell me where I should make a change?

- Be satisfied with something (phrase): hài lòng với điều gì
  + If to be pleased and happy with something
  + Ex: Are you satisfied with the new arrangement?

- Do further research (verb phrase): nghiên cứu, tìm hiểu thêm
  + to do more detailed study of something
  + Ex: I think you should do further research, then finish this report by tomorrow

- Put effort into something (verb phrase): đặt tâm huyết, nỗ lực vào điều gì
  + to try really hard to do something
  + Ex: I've put a lot of effort into this report

- Turn in (phrasal verb): nộp
  + to give or return something or someone to an authority
  + Ex: Don't forget to turn in your report by the end of today

- Expertise (noun): tính chuyên môn
  + a high level of knowledge or skill
  + Ex: We admired the expertise with which he prepared the meal

- Excuse (noun): cái cớ
  + a reason that you give to explain why you did something wrong
  + He'd better have a good excuse for being late

- Propose (verb): đề xuất
  + to offer or suggest a possible plan or action for other people to consider
  + Ex: He proposed dealing directy with the suppliers

### 2. Outline
- How can you tell if your boss isn't happy with your working result or not?
  + It depends on what task it is. For example, when my boss isn't satisfied with my report, she will say: "I think you should review this report one more time before turning in!"
  + I have to say that my boss is a little bit unpredictable. Sometimes, he still says that the outcome is OK, but through his facial expression, I know there must be something that needs to be improved

- Do you expect your boss to help you in this case?
  + Well! I don't expect any help from my boss. My only request is to tell me exactly where I should make an adjustment
  + With tasks that require high expertise, I do need help from such a senior like my boss. That's also a good way to learn

- What should you do when your boss isn't happy with your working result?
  + My advice is to ask your boss where we should improve. If you don't ask, then the one who struggles is you
  + If you don't know anything, JUST ASK! That's my very first lesson when I got my first job

- How can you ask your boss for a reason?
  + Excuse me! I've noticed that there are some points in the task I've just finished that need to be changed. Could you please specifically tell me how to improve it?
  + I've put a lot of effort into this task, but it seems like there are some parts that are not matching up for you. I'd love to hear your feedback to get the job done better!"

- When your boss gives you a lot of negative feedback, how do you respond?
  + Thank you for your feedback! I will review my work and hand it in as soon as possible!
  + I really appreciate your time and comments! I'll do further research and give it back to you by the end of today!

- What is the MUST-NOT-DO thing when making a mistake at work?
  + When making a mistake at work, I think we shouldn't give too many excuses because the outcome is what matters at work
  + When you make a mistake, try to avoid re-stating the problem or giving too many excuses. Try to propose proper solutions as soon as possible.