## Topic: Is study pressure secretly mudering children?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Go too far (idiom): đi quá xa, vượt quá giới hạn cho phép
  + exceed the limits of what is reasonable or acceptable
  + Ex: Don't let the problem go too far

- Beyond one's ability (phrase): vượt ngoài khả năng của ai
  + not able to be done by someone
  + Ex: This task is way beyond my ability

- After all (idiom): suy cho cùng thì
  + in spite of any indications or expectations to the contrary
  + Ex: After all, you're my mom! I still love you.

- Commit suicide (verb phrase): tự tử
  + to kill oneself
  + Ex: She had repeatedly threatened to commit suicide

- Study pressure (noun phrase): áp lực học tập
  + the stress experienced by students
  + Ex: I've got a lot of study pressure from my parents

- Tragic (adj): bi kịch, thảm thương
  + very sad, often involving death and suffering
  + Ex: It is tragic that the theater has had to close

- Motivation (noun): động lực
  + enthusiasm for doing something
  + Ex: He's a bright enough student - he just lacks motivation

- Consequence (noun): hậu quả
  + a result of a particular action or situation, often one that is bad or not convenient
  + Ex: I told the hairdresser to do what she wanted to my hair, and look at the consequences!

- Expectation (noun): kỳ vọng
  + the feeling that good things are going to happen in the future
  + Ex: I have high expectations for this job

### 2. Outline
- In 10 seconds, can you tell me at least one study pressure you have (or used to have)?
  + When I was a little kid, I hardly had any pressure from my parents. But ever since I got into high school, they've started to give me some kind of pressure such as telling me to study hard and try to enter Foreign Trade University
  + I still remember when I was a student, my parents always wanted me to study Math well, even though I didn't like it at all

- Why do you think nowadays, parents put so much study pressure on kids?
  + I think it's because they want their kids to get a good job and have a good life in the future. So giving kids pressure is like motivating them
  + I think it mostly comes from the hidden rivalry between parents. No one wants their kids to fall behind the others, right?

- Is study pressure secretly mudering children?
  + Pressure itself isn't bad. But when the matter goes too far, it'll be another story. That's why many kids end up with suicide, like the one in Hanoi, because of study pressure
  + Yes, it is. I've heard a lot of tragic stories about how kids suffer from study pressure. And sadly, most of the pressure comes from their parents

- What might be the consequences?
  + The most obvious consequence is that kids won't have time to relax. After all, they're kids, and they need to enjoy their childhood with pleasure
  + As I have mentioned, lots of kids commit suicide because of the pressure! Or in my case, my relationship with my dad went bad because he gave me lots of expectations, which are beyond my ability

- When you have a child, will you put a lot of pressure on him/her?
  + As a parent, of course. I'll give my children pressure because without any pressure, you can't be successful. That's a fact, But I won't let the pressure go too far
  + I don't think I am that kind of parent. Instead of giving my children pressure. I'll give them motivation.