## Topic: What do you think about youngster's lifestyles nowadays?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Skip meals (verb phrase): bỏ bữa
  + to not have meals
  + Ex: We should never skip meals because it does great harm to our health

- Junk food (noun phrase): đồ ăn nhanh
  + food that is quick and easy to prepare and eat but that is thought to be bad for your health
  + Ex: On a daily basis, children are exposed to dozens of television advertisements for junk food

- Promote one's health (verb phrase): tăng cường sức khỏe
  + to improve one's health
  + Ex: He tries to do gymnastics regularly to promote his health

- Be prone to something (verb phrase): có nguy cơ cao bị
  + to be likely to suffer from something or to do something bad
  + Ex: He was prone to depression even as a teenager

- Fatal disease (noun phrase): bệnh hiểm nghèo, nguy hiểm đế tính mạng
  + a disease that might cause death
  + Ex: Smokers run the higher risk of suffering from fatal diseases

- Get into the habit of doing something (verb phrase): bắt đầu có thói quen làm gì
  + to begin to have a certain habit
  + Ex: I've got into the habit of turning on the TV as soon as I get home

- Lead an unhealthy life (verb phrase): sống một cuộc sống không lành mạnh
  + to have an unhealthy type of life
  + Ex: Young people nowadays tend to lead an unhealthy life

- Cost an arm and a leg (idiom): đắt đỏ, tốn nhiều tiền
  + to cost a lot of money
  + Ex: I'd love to buy a Porsche, but they cost an arm and a leg

- Take a heavy toll on (idiom): ảnh hưởng xấu đến
  + to have a bad effect on somebody/something; to cause a lot of damage, deaths, pain, etc
  + Ex: The recession is taking its toll on the housing markets

### 2. Outline
- Do you have any unhealthy habits?
  + Well, actually I do. I always skip meals when I'm in a hurry and I often have junk food instead of home-cooked food too!
  + Yes! I've recently got into the habit of staying up too late to surf the web and to play video games

- What do you think about youngsters nowadays?
  + I see youngsters nowadays are more creative and quick learners comparatively. But unfortunately, they don't take good care of their health
  + Youngsters nowadays are too lazy to find out what's actually going on in this world. Also, they find it cool to publicize their love on social media

- Do you think these days youngsters are leading a healthy life?
  + I believe that they are leading an unhealthy life! Many of them get addicted to social networks and they love to stay up late to surf the web
  + Yes! Youngsters are now caring more about their health. A proof is that more and more youngsters have registered to use the gym to promote their health

- What is the influence of smoking on youngsters?
  + Smoking causes you to be more prone to fatal diseases such as cancer, heart-related disease, stroke, lung-related diseases, etc.
  + Smoking is very addictive! Also, cigarettes are not cheap in the least! Therefore, getting addicted to smoking can cost an arm and a leg

- What do you think are some of the greatest problems facing youngsters today?
  + Money is a common concern for youngsters nowadays. As society develops, youngsters are also put under intense pressure to earn money
  + Getting addicted to social networks is the greatest problem for youngsters now because it takes a heavy toll on youngster's social skills and their well-being as well.