## Topic: Why are some employees constantly exploited at work yet refuse to speak about it?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Face the sack (verb phrase): đối mặt với việc bị sa thải
  + to accept the situation in which you are told by your employer that you must leave your job, especially because you have done something wrong
  + Ex: If I don't do the job right, I'll face the sack

- The final straw (idiom): giọt nước tràn ly
  + the latest problem in a series of problems that makes a situation impossible to accept
  + Ex: The last straw was when the company fired most of the managers

- Exploit (verb): bóc lột
  + to use someone or something unfairly for your own advantage
  + Ex: Laws exist to stop companies from exploiting their employees

- Resign (verb): từ chức
  + to give up a job or position by telling your employer that you are leaving
  + Ex: He resigned from the company in order to take a more challenging job

- Workload (noun): khối lượng công việc
  + the amount of work to be done, especially by a particular person or machine in a period of time
  + Ex: Teachers are always complaining about their heavy workloads

- Burned out (adj): kiệt sức
  + ill or very tired from working too hard
  + Ex: Being burned out means felling empty and mentally exhausted, devoid of motivation, and beyond caring

- Well-being (noun): hạnh phúc
  + the state of feeling healthy and happy
  + Ex: People doing yoga benefit from an increased feeling of well-being

- Shoulder one's responsibility (verb phrase): gánh vác trách nhiệm
  + to accept that you are responsible for something bad or difficult
  + Ex: He is the man who should be shouldering the responsibility

- Take a toll (idiom): gây ra mất mát
  + if something takes a toll, it causes suffering, deaths, or damage
  + Ex: The accident has indeed taken a toll on his mental health

### 2. Outline
- Have you ever been exploited at work?
  + No, I haven't. I was so lucky to have nevery experienced that because it's probably the worst thing about one's work life
  + Unfortunately, I have. Nothing regrets me as much as being a part of that company!

- How did you react to the situation?
  + All I could do was try to cope with the heavy workload, but it did not work out. Days afterwards, I decided to resign
  + I listened to my friend's advice and spoke to my boss about my problems. Yet!, he claimed that I was making a fuss, and it was the final straw for me

- Why are some employees constantly exploited at work yet refuse to speak about it?
  + I believe it's because they don't want to be told off or worse, face the sack
  + Most employees, especially the freshers, don't speak about it because they often think that they are not good enough

- What can one suffer from if they are constantly being exploited at work?
  + Overexploitation at work is the cause of many mental health issues, such as anxiety and depression
  + Besides feeling burned out, work exploitation can take a toll on your well-being or even your social circles

- How can one deal with exploitation at work?
  + To deal with exploitation at work, it's necessary to learn how to say no. Don't shoulder other people's responsibilities
  + My advice is don't always accept favors. Otherwise, you will feel that you owe them and have to pay them back later.