## Topic: What is the best way to make a good impression on the girls?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Capture somebody's attention (verb phrase): thu hút sự chú ý của ai
  + to interest someone
  + Ex: Most of the textbooks we looked at were too dull to capture students' attention

- Fix somebody up with someone (idiom): tìm bạn đời cho ai đó
  + to find a romantic partner for someone
  + Ex: Jacques tried to fix me up with his older sister

- Fall for somebody (verb phrase): phải lòng ai
  + to suddenly have strong romantic feelings about someone
  + Ex: She always falls for older man

- Dress to kill (idiom): ăn diện
  + intentionally wearing clothes that attract sexual attention and admiration
  + Ex: He was dressed to kill on Wednesday as he had a big party at the hotel

- Flirt (verb): tán tỉnh
  + to behave as if sexually attracted to someone, although not seriously
  + Ex: Christina was flirting with just about every man in the room

- Gallant (adj): ga lăng
  + (of a man) polite and kind towards women, especially when in public
  + Ex: That wasn't very gallant of you, Paul, pushing a young lady out if the way like that!

- Humorous (adj): hài hước
  + funny; showing a sense of humor
  + Ex: The film has some midly humorous moments

- Courteous (adj): lịch sự
  + polite and shoing respect
  + Ex: Although she often disagreed with me, she was always courteous

- Impress (verb): gây ấn tượng
  + to cause someone to admire or respect you
  + Ex: He tried to impress his teachers by using big words in all his essays

### 2. Outline
- Do you have a girlfriend?
  + Yes, I've already had a girlfriend. She and I first met each other in the cinema last year
  + No, I don't. I'm still available and my mother is trying to fix me up with the man who lives next to my house

- In your opinion, what is the best way to make a good impression on the girls?
  + A courteous and nice-looking boy always captures my attention in the first meeting
  + I always try to be a gallant man to make a good impression on the girls

- Have you tried doing it in a real life? Has any man ever done that kind of thing to you?
  + No, I haven't, I'm a kind of lowkey person and I'm a bit shy. But I see many boys often do that to flirt withe the girls
  + Yes, some of my ex boyfriends used to do that kind of thing to me when we first met each other

- What things does a man shouldn't do for the first time meeting a girl?
  + Men should dress nicely and try not to be too serious when communicating. Being humorous can be a good point
  + To impress the girls, men shouldn't be late. In addition, for me, a man wearing perfume is attractive

- Do you think girls like bad boys or good boys?
  + Yes, many girls are attracted to bad boys who are humorous and always dressed to kill. People often say that "Bad boys ain't good but good boys ain't fun"
  + Not really, I think only bad girls like bad boys. I tend to fall for men who are well-behaved and always take care of me.