## Topic: How do you feel about Grab riders/drivers opening a conversation with you while on the road?

### 1. Vocabulary
- Introduce a feature (verb phrase): giới thiệu một tính năng mới
  + to put a typical quality or an important part of something into use for the first time
  + Ex: In the next update, we will introduce a brand-new feature for premium users

- Tie someone in knots (idiom): khiến ai đó giận, bối rối hoặc lo lắng
  + to make someone upset, worried, or confused
  + Ex: Start watching the way his guilt ties him up in knots

- Rattle on (phrasal verb): nối dông dài
  + to talk for a long time, especially about things that are not important
  + Ex: She was on the phone for hours, last night, just ratting on her friends

- Nonsense (noun): suy nghĩ hay hành động ngớ ngẫn
  + an idea, something said or written, or behavior that is silly or stupid
  + Ex: This report is nonsense and nothing but a waste of paper

- Request (noun): yêu cầu
  + the act of politely or officially asking for something
  + Ex: They received hundreds of requests for more information

- Overshare (verb): chia sẻ quá nhiều
  + to tell people too much personal information about yourself
  + Ex: I have this colleague who always overshares

- Response (noun): phản hồi
  + an answer or reaction
  + Ex: I looked in her face for some response, but she just stared at me blankly

- Distract (verb): làm phân tâm
  + to make someone stop giving their attention to something
  + Ex: Don't distract him while he's working

- Remain silent (verb phrase): giữ yên lặng
  + to continue to be in the state of no sound
  + Ex: Please remain silent in the meantime

### 2. Outline
- How do you feel about Grab riders/drivers opening a conversation with you while on the road?
  + I'm so annoyed with it. Imagine that you are heading home after a long day at work and having to hear them talk
  + WHile most people dislike it, I find it surprisingly fun. Having a conversation with them actually makes my day better

- What do Grab riders/drivers often talk about?
  + They usually rattle on about their job, how terrible the traffic is, and so on. It's all nonsense!
  + Well, anything really. Some may talk about their shortcut or traffic while others ask about you and your personal life

- Have you ever asked Grab riders/drivers to remain silent?
  + Yes, I did once. However, he ignored my request then went on talking about how ignorant young people are! For real!
  + Although I'm very uncomfortable with it, I have never asked anyone to shut up. I'm afraid doing so will tie them in knots

- Do you think it's rude to ask them to do so?
  + Not really, In fact, Grab will soon introduce a feature where users can ask the rider/driver to remain silent
  + Well, sort of. But reallt, I cannot help myself - I cannot bear listening to a stranger talking about his life

- Why are most people not uncomfortable with Grab riders/drivers talking while on the road?
  + It's because Grab riders/drivers tend to overshare. Plus, for introverts, it can be really stressful to think up a response
  + I feel like it's because they are not comfortable. In truth, they don't want to talk so as not to distract the rider/driver